Good meals. Fast service. Minis and salad bar is a very good option.
This Ruby Tuesday is in a strip mall at the corner of Routes 3 and 372. Parking seemed adequate when we were there but I'm not sure how it is when the restaurant is busy. What am I saying? Ruby Tuesday is never busy.This is a typical Ruby Tuesday where the all-you-can-eat salad bar is the prime attraction and is far more interesting than any of the entrees. If you go to Ruby Tuesday, I recommend ordering one of the mini sandwich combos with the salad bar because that's only a dollar more than ordering the salad bar as an entree. The restaurant interior decor is low key, comfortable and boring, the standard for this restaurant chain. Restrooms were kept in good shape, as far as I could tell. Service was pretty good.
Ruby Tuesday's was a treat back in the day (It may have been a Tuesday)Not today. Boy was this sad. I was bummed at first sight.The place looked like the 90's called and wanted everything in the place back like stuck in 35 years ago kind of feel and look. The attempts to promote are a nice effort but seems so over blown "Win a Million Dollars!" But the risk is maybe ruin your health or get sick or just plain waste your money on substandard food? So our "meal" was not good from start to finish. The staff needs some real training. The training videos don't seem to be translating into real life results. The thing that struck me was how can you be happy if the place is always kinda empty and the staff keeps getting cut and makes no money? Take that million from the contest and apply it to the staff and getting the place really revived to today's dining needs. The Salad bar is a throwback feel but an area that could be modernized and improved to be actually healthy but I am not sure that this is that certain something special that the diner of today will respond to so strongly that it will resonate as "Special." This is where I am at a loss regard Ruby's, "What is special about the place that really move the meter?" Ribs are back! But I do not smell wood smoke when I walk in so you kinda lose me here because I know in a chain what I am going to get, possibly ok ribs but not the type of "oh wow Ribs" that you might get at that wood smoker Rib-house down the street. The parking lot sets the tone, the front entry and btw "What is that smell in the entry way?" Fix that asap or..well you know.  That whole first impressions thing...wow that was just wrong. That did not say delicious food ahead. What we discovered was we were wrong for not heeding this lil warning. No attention at the front and waitresses looked at us but did nothing. Great why make us wait that long when the place was so empty on a Friday night prime dinner time. The service was not great but it was not the servers fault (We tipped strong because we feel her pain) but then the wait time for an empty restaurant seemed a bit long but not end of the world long. The food however was a massive disappointment.  I am in the wrong here too because I feel like if I am spending near $60 for a quick bite it should at least be pleasant and satisfying. This was neither of those. What I did wrong to was tried to reduce the stress of an already  uncomfortable experience by telling the "Manager?" that everything was OK when it was not. I felt like I was being robbed that I had to pay for food that was not as good as an average person would expect quality wise, or flavor wise, for these prices. My error there I will own that one, the other one was selecting this place because it had less of a crowd which meant hey faster service and I am hungry, lets go! But not so much.  One thing I would suggest to Rubys as a chain research the seating and comfort needs of today and change, change is good. The seating is uncomfortable and I get that may be a wise choice if you are trying to speed up table turnover, this place needs to do anything it can to be remotely appealing. Our meal was so bland and forgettable I question where the wheels went off the tracks but they need to rethink, well, everything. Seasonings would be a plus. I am at a loss how this store is open. If I owned it I would close it and start over. This needs so much it will take big money time and a team of sincerely commited experts to focus on the entire concept of community involvement, promotion, building, planning, execution, hiring, training, and everything required to get a winning recipe. They need to call Robert Irvine from the Food TV Network to revamp everything or something. The place needs something more than just a signature salad to win as a restaurant. If the kitchen is not producing food of a high enough quality as prices are out of control people will not step up and open our wallets for mediocrity.  The next time I set foot in one the Ruby Tuesdays they will need to have made some big changes. Nothing personal more of a "To my standards" Issue. Prove me wrong you guys I want to see you do well I am rooting for you, but you have a mountain of challenge to overcome. I will be watching to see you make me eat my words by doing all the right things, however I will be watching from afar. FWIW
My signature salad at Ruby Tuesdays. Yummy, yummy, yum!I already placed my order for my meal and drink. No drinking tonight. It's not crowded here right now. That makes things more enjoyable.
Have been going here for years on a very, very occasional basis and it never totally sucked. It had always been a mediocre experience in food quality and service, but it was convenient...this recent visit will most definitely be my last. First thing I noticed was the sticky table...then the sticky menus...then the sticky salt and pepper shakers...onto the ketchup bottle and beyond. Yuk. Against my better judgement, I ordered coffee. Big mistake. It was coffee, I guess, but litereally tasteless. Then I ordered chicken tenders and CRISPY fries. If I order fries, I specifically order them well done because they are normally underdone no matter where you go and browning them negates some of the greasiness. Obviously, the waitress (yes, I use gender specific labels...sue me. I was a waitress for years and never took offense at being referred to as such) misunderstood my request and brought out a plate of rock-hard chicken tender-looking things with dried out, stringy white meat inside and a pile of underdone, whitish, mealy fries. Even the GMO corn syrup-laden pseudo-ketchup didn't help. The waitress was polite enough, but obviously over worked as she was serving at tables and behind the bar, then apparently forgot I was there and I had to stand up and leave the table to get her attention. All I wanted to do was pay and get out of there. The "hostess" intervened and asked what I wanted. I said all I want is the check and to leave. She took that as an insult and accused me of yelling at her. Seriously, I did not yell at her. She obviously was having a bad day. I pointed out that I was aware they are understaffed, as is every restaurant in the country...still, not my fault. $15 to $20 for a plate of ...whatever...I expect a little better quality and service.  That said, not a nice experience and not a clean environment.
I figured I would try Ruby Tuesday's again since it's been quite a while since I went and got sick from their food. Yesterday I ordered the salad bar and I loved it! Our waitress was super nice too!! The restaurant was clean, everything was fresh and my friend and I just had a nice experience. The bathroom was even clean which I was really surprised by!! I will say the salad bar is definitely not worth $15 though. I suggest ordering a meal and adding the salad bar to it, and you can just take your meal home with you. It actually can be cheaper and you get more for your money. I will be back for sure!!
It's getting horrible to find a nice decent Restaurant here in Middletown NY My oldest son wanted to know where I wanted To go for Mother's Day todayI told him Ruby Tuesday Well - it was just horrible ! Look it's not About the price ! It's all about what they offer & service !About 2-3 years ago they had this great Offer on this day The entire dinner & including desert For a low price ! It was awesome !  The girl got my drink order Wrong !  When she did finally come backTo check I told her ! She was going to fix it, I told her don't Bother ! They were putting dirty salad plates out On the salad bar ! Who does this I ask you ???I won't be coming back here !Next year I try another place ! If not I'll cook at home ! I'll probably beBetter off !!!  I left a tip -she didn't get what she was supposed To get !  She didn't deserve it !!
Service was less than good and the sandwiches we ordered came out warmish. We wanted dessert but she just came out straight with the check without asking smh. Dont go here unless you're old af cause servers here apparently dont like customers that are under 30 years for whatever reason. The server's name was kristi by the way
I have always liked eating at Ruby Tuesdays but I was a bit disappointed w/the blackened fish sandwich. It tasted a bit on the frozen side. I will definitely come by again but will stay away from the fish.
When your order comes out five times incorrectly there's a problem. When your order comes out five time correctly and the fries are cold every time that's a problem when you order drinks and wait 13 minutes for a lemonade a seltzer and a Diet Coke and that's a problem when you try to pay for your bill but can't find your waitress for 10 minutes that's a problem. I was fortunate enough to meet the owner of this establishment a few years ago I don't think he owns it anymore because it has taken such a dive. Everything was awful even the lemonade. No manager came over to apologize. And I almost forgot the flies.
I went in requestong a table for 2 and they told me they had stopped seating at 8:30 so I ordered to go food then while waiting for my food a family of 6 came in and they seated them immediately.  What kind of racist B.S. is this???  I'm Latina and the family was white.NEVER AGAIN!!!!  KEEP YOUR FAMILY AWAY FROM THEM.
Ordered a cobb salad take-out, and a coworker picked it up.   It came with no egg, and it was all crappy iceberg lettuce.  Dressing was so thinned out, it was like pouring milk onto the salad.  For $12.99, I expected better.  Won't be back.
Salad bar was good, sliders ok, service was nonexistent. Don't sit in the bar area during lunch unless your at the bar. There is only one waitress and she only pays attention to the people at the bar.
3rd time,  each time it get worse.  I am done with this restaurant.  Good quality food, they just can't get it too you hot and fresh.  They were not very crowded, seafood overcooked, food just warm.Hostess told the waitress that a table near us complained all the time, no matter what.  On the way out, I told the hostess that if that couple complained tonight,  they had every right too, as our food was lousy also.  Sorry, she said....   Maybe people are complaining because the food is really lousy!
I've been to this restaurant several times in the past several years. Overall it's better than the Ruby Tuesday's in the Mall, but not by much. Service and quality definetely seem to be on a steady decline. Tonight I went out with three other people. Service was SLOW. The man was very friendly but seemed to be working too many tables, also forgetfull. They tell you to pick two sides for your entrees but if you want salad bar you have to pay extra. I got a blue moon which was okay, but two others ordered Long Island Ice Tea and Strawberry Sangria, and neither were thrilled. Food overall was good, as well as dessert, Blondie was very good, but a lot of frustration over service marred the experience. You can get better food, drink and service in over a dozen other places in town.
Dont go there.   My husband and I used to rave about this place.  Went last night what a disaster.   Girl lost our name on list,  Kept waiting with rows of empty tables no staff to clean.  Ordered food, no Baked Potatoes.   Their celebrity Pinot Grigio wine tasted like vinegar.  This place has really gone to the dogs.   Too many good places in Middletown, NY to put up with this type of overall mismanagement.   Shame on Ruby Tuesdays.  They will be going the way of many poorly run businessses.  CLOSED  Very soon.
Skip the turkey burger. Definitely came from a box.Unidentifiable as turkey or a burger. Service was ok.
Unfortunately this restaurant closed in November, 2020. The only remaining ruby Tuesday in Massachusetts is the Wrentham location.
Ruby Tuesday's on a Sunday evening. At 5.20 we called in an order for take out. They said 25 to 30 minutes. No problem. I got there 28 minutes after placing the order. There are only 4 cars in the parking lot. I am one of two cars waiting for pickup. A guy came out and took my money but the food is not ready yet. A little while he said. ... It's now been a 35 minutes of sitting in the parking lot and still no food. It is hard to imagine there is a valid reason for this. We stopped dining in when the salad bar closed. There's not a chance we'll order take out here again. Update 40 minute total wait in parking lot.
If I could give zero stars I would. Do not go here! Horrible in so many ways! Visited on a quiet Tuesday night. My friend waited in entrance for ten minutes waiting to be seated. No staff to be seen. She had to go to the bar and ask someone to seat us. Ordered our dinner. My daughter asked for a side of mashed potatoes it was gross but the smallest portion then charged us $3.99! My daughters friend ordered artichoke dip with endless tortilla chips. Ran out of chips so asked for more. Literally ten minutes later the waitress came out with a super small bowl that literally had five chips in it? Was this a joke? Not funny! Skimpy and that's just ridiculous! My friend ordered a glass of wine. She received before meal but it was bad so she went to the bartender and asked for a new glass. Bartender said they would bring to table. Wine never showed. So after our meal was done she told waitress never mind on the wine. She had no clue? Then they charged her for the wine when we got the bill? Had to ask to take it off. My meal was a quesadilla. Got home within an hour and food poisoning! So sick! This place needs undercover Boss to come in and help them in so many ways! I will never go to a Ruby Tuesday's again. Absolutely nothing good to say. Keep on driving by and go to any other place but this!
My family and I came in on a Monday evening. There were 6 of us and we were the only customers in the restaurant. It took about 20 minutes for us to get some water and about an additional 20 minutes to get our alcoholic beverages. The salad was soggy and the bowl was filled with brown water. The tilapia was extremely fishy we had to send it back. The service was extremely slow. We will not be coming back to this establishment.
This actually used to be one of our favorite places to go for a good and inexpensive meal. The salad bar alone drew us back again and again for a fresh and healthy meal.This place has gone totally downhill. Repeatedly our favorite the garden bar has been poorly stocked, not fresh, missing items, and a complete untidy mess.Tonight we stopped in for a couple of burgers. The restaurant was uncrowded, but we sat there for over half an hour after putting in our order until our meals finally arrived, and when they did the fries were cold. Our waitress did get us a new plate of fries (and they were excellent, hot and fresh). At no point did she or anyone else inform us while waiting that there was a delay, apologize for the delay, ask how the rest of the meal was, or apologize about the cold fries.Back in ancient history when we enjoyed eating here, if there was a problem we'd see a manager come up and express concern, even offer some compensation such as a complimentary desert, but a manager was nowhere to be seen tonight. And that, likely, is the root of the problem. Either no one is watching the store, or they just don't care. It shows.
I was absolutely starving and this place hit the mark for proximity, waiter service and credit cards. That's about it. The service was slow. The soup was tasteless and the salad bar was decent. It got me out of the cold and filled my belly but it's just Ruby Tuesday.
We sat down, ordered well over $100 worth of food, and were given an aggressive bum's rush. I have never been treated like this anywhere. Within minutes of serving the food, the waitress was asking for the plates. One of us got the salad bar with the entree, and the waitress tried to take one or the other even though it was clear both were still being eaten. We were not given fresh straws with refills, but the waitress used her hands to move the used straw from one drink to be placed in another. As each of us finished, while being asked if we were done over and over, the plates were confiscated as if the plates were needed immediately to serve the next table--perhaps they ran out of both plates AND straws. We were given carryout boxes before we were finished eating, along with the check. The restaurant was not at all busy, but even if it were, there was no excuse for this kind of service. As for the food, the overpriced meals' portions were undersized, the steaks too tough to chew, the runny potatoes tasted instant.We regret leaving a tip, but we will not regret never, ever going there again.
My husband and I recently dined at Ruby Tuesday, Bay Street, Taunton.We both elected to get burgers and salad bar.My husband also got a baked potato which we shared.We've always loved their baked potatoes.The burgers were both cooked to perfection and delicious.They brewed a new pot of hot coffee which was also delicious.Our server, Fabiana, was very courteous and accommodating. The salad bar was all fresh and tasty.We will definitely be returning soon.
Had lunch at Ruby Tuesdays in Taunton yesterday.  A group of us got out to lunch every Sunday and it was always difficult getting the guys in the group to agree to Ruby Tuesdays.  Well, the guys proved to be right.  The service was good and the waitress was pleasant but the every else was so bad that its off our list forever.  We were looking forward to the salad bar until we approached it.  All the dishes up front were dirty.  The floor was so sticky we had difficulty moving past the lettuce.  All of the vegetables were sitting in water so the dressing made a gooey, watery, tasteless mess.  Two in our party changed their mind and asked the waitress to switch their order to a prepared salad that was overpriced.  One of us had a tomato soup that was dark and tasted like heated ketchup.  Another had a chicken sandwich with a sauce on the side that was chunky and disgusting.  No one had a meal they would choose to have again. When we stood up, the large hanging lamp shade fell off and hit a seated person square on the head. Not a good experience and not one we'll forget.
Don't know what happened to this place, we had been regular customers after banning them several years ago at the Taunton mall. Waited 15 minutes for waitress, 25 minutes for drinks and waited one hour for a cold meal, then another 20 minutes for our complementary desert. Manager did not address problems, he did come by with my mothers hot mashed potatoes for a split second stating plate is hot as he passed by quickly not addressing our complaint about overcooked steak and my cold meat loaf that did take 1 hour to actually get, yes so I just ate it as the waitress was nowhere to be foundNo toilet paper in stalls and no paper towels in ladies room.Men's room Paper towels where scattered all over sink.Loud bar crowd over enjoying Bruins playoff win.r0n.... :(
Went here for lunch this week with co-workers. Let's start with the hostess/greeting which took 5 minutes. They were not busy but appeared to have no staff. Finally greeted by young hostess who was miserable and obviously didn't want to be here. We were seated and greeted quickly by a very personable waitress. She got drinks and took orders in reasonable time. It was clear that they were getting busy and were grossly understaffed for waiters/waitresses. 3 out of 4 of us got the salad bar. All lettuce bowls contained wilted lettuce throughout...very unappealing. Pasta salad plates remained empty with remnants in them. A broccoli mix, and the apple salad was good. I also ordered a bacon cheese burger, medium well. It came out after almost 40 minutes. It was cooked fine, lettuce was wilted and roll was stale. Overall not good. It was a painfully slow service although it didn't appear to be the fault if the waitress. She did her best. Won't be back.
It's a chain restaurant with chain prices and chain quality food. In the past I use to like this place but then they cheaped out on the quality of the food and raised the prices. The only drinks not watered down from the bar are the bottled beers.
I have been here several times, and I used to love it. They have a very good salad bar. Not many places even have them anymore. The sliders were my favorite, but the last time I tried them they were not very good. Last night, they were not even on the menu.The fried shrimp and onion rings that I tried last night were just like they came from a microwave in a frozen dinner. I was very disappointed. The decor is great and even though it was crowded, you could carry on a conversation. The staff is very friendly and efficient. The food quality has slipped. Too bad.
All I can say is their salad bar is good but they don't know anything about cooking burgers. Every time I go there I order my burgers well done. But they seem to have no clue how to do that. See this picture? You all tell me: is this burger well done? Hello Ruby Tuesday's cooks: is this burger well done?yfrog.com/28r67ejSo next time you all are near a Ruby Tuesday's restaurant, poke your head in and say "Hey, I'm not eating here because you won't cook your burgers well done.
Does not even deserve a one star. Service was horrible salad bar was disgusting the tea looked like beer. We just walked out. Ironic thing was another couple walked out as well at the same time. It would be different if the employees actually cared and we're trying to fix the salad bar or wait on us but we had been there for a long time before we ever even got asked what we wanted to drink. Management was horrible! They were not busy and didn't appear to be understaffed due to the employees standing around just talking.
Stopped here on our way home from vacation and was not disappointed. We were greeted and seated right away. Our waitress was friendly and took care of us throughout our time there. One thing I want to mention that I found very nice is that since there's currently a shortage on feminine products they were kind enough to supply them in the stalls of the women's bathroom. It's the first time I've seen this and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the sampler for lunch and enjoyed it. The plates all came out hot and very tasty. If you like American food you can't go wrong with this place.
Called ahead for a party of 8. No problem. Arrived to a mostly empty house. We left after an hour when our meals were not delivered and my drink had been empty for 25 mins.
They serve us in the very best way every Tuesday. They are very special people....   Food is fine!  I like burgers and salad!
I usually don't complain but my experience here was awful. We got our appetizer before our drinks, the waitress kept disappearing, she would say that she's going to refill our drinks and then disappear for upwards of ten minutes and then serve the tables next to us then refill our drinks, my wife asked for A-1 sauce and was given an empty bottle, when we were done the table next to us asked for A-1 so the waitress came to our table and said I'm taking this, my wife replied that it was empty when she got it, we waited about 20 minutes to get our bill after we were done, all in all it took about an hour and a half to complete our dinner. I received this comment below so I sent 3 emails per their instructions and it's been days and haven't heard anything. Update, I sent the email to the address they provided below and it's been a week with no response so maybe they just post this to make themselves look redeemed with no actual follow through??
Besides a longer wait than I would of liked I understand there is a major staff shortage basically everywhere across the country. The food was good, they took good precautions to keep things clean and sanitary, and despite the wait the staff was friendly and courteous.
Such a poor experience.Asked for Burger, no onion-Yup had onion.Ordered a loaded bake potato-served french friesSmall item, asked for lemon with my water, no lemon (no biggie).Just because, I requested the one dollar for the "loaded" part of the baked potato to be removed.  A manager was required to delete the dollar.  He came over...so I showed him the Onion, Fries and water without.  His reply was a judging laugh.Ruby Tuesday management-you have work to do.My suggestion-go to the Sheetz across the street!
This is certainly one of the better Ruby Tuesday's the salad bar was really well maintained with many choices that were fresh. We both had a steak special which was cooked correctly and had a nice flavor. Our server was outstanding.
Due to Covid 19 this location had just opened when we were there. It was almost 2 hours to get seated and food. That said they are trying so hard. Be patient. The staff was very friendly and tried hard to accommodate! The manager was hustling and went to every table to see how they were. To me any negative comments would be due to circumstances beyond their control, so I have none.
Stopped by last weekend and it's what you'd expect from a Ruby Tuesday. Overpriced average food with poor service. Shouldn't be a first or second choice but not quite a last resort either.
Sat there at least 10 mins without any service just now.  Waitress (long hair) was too busy sitting at the bar.  This even after the other waitress looked straight at me twice. Skip it.  We hit KFC next door.    Oh. And the place was not busy at all.
As of yesterday, this Ruby Tuesday location is starting to slide and sit down at the bottom of the barrel like all the others ones.The staff are still sweet and mean well, but their vision and attentiveness has faded.The salad bar's onions were rancid and semi transparent, the lettuce selection was wilted and was starting to show that aged reddish color. Gross.Tilapia was bland and tasted boiled! I also liked how the server shafted us and charged the full, regular price for one of our drinks that was ordered without alcohol!This RT was once worthy of five stars, today it's down to two.
Nice, friendly, clean location with nice attentive staff and a fresh and well maintained salad bar. This location felt far more upscale than others, we really enjoyed our meal.
Stayed in Wytheville overnight and just wanted a nice inexpensive dinner.  Ruby Tuesday fit the bill.  Atmosphere was warm and inviting, service was friendly and efficient, and the food was quite tasty.
We ordered Hickory Bourbon Salmon and it was very good and tender. It was a pick up order and everything was according to our instructions.
The food was good but we ordered online and the website said it would be ready in 15 minutes and it was 45 minutes before we got it (we picked it ip). Also, the kids' meals come with a drink which the website makes you chose (it doesn't let you continue until you chose something) and we didn't get them.
I have gluten-intolerance, did not expect anything more than a salad when going there by myself due to a flight overnight delay. It was a surprise that staff, Dana, has very good knowledge about gluten-intolerance. She let me know that they have a gluten-free menu online, and sat down with me helped me craft a burger, no bun+garden salad. On top of it, she made sure the burger would be grilled separately on new foil. This is the first safe burger after I went complete gluten-free. Of course I loved it! Really appreciate Dana and the chef's help :)
Food was good, waiter was friendly, everything came out at a decent time, only complaint was my burger was slightly undercooked for my liking, yet was still very tastyEdit: cookie skillet is the best dessert i have ever had
The hickory bourbon salmon is amazing and the service is top notch. Ask to sit in Thomas' section. He goes above and beyond.
Went for lunch with my daughter and grandson. The food was great and wonderful server named Erin
Where do I begin?  It's a Saturday night, we walk into the restaurant and we aren't even acknowledged for about 4-5 minutes.  They were not busy at all surprisingly.  When we asked if we could have a table for two the person seating us said "yeah".  She then walks us to a dirty table (mind you there were tons of clean tables) that has one chair.  She says "hold on while I get you a chair, oh and I'll have to wipe the table."   We asked if we could just have one of the clean tables.  She seemed surprised but she did let of have a booth.  Mind you my girlfriend has to walk with a cane after a knee operation.  We finally get seated and the waitress passes us by about 7 times before coming to our table and asking if we were ready to order.  We were not offered drinks.  We order our food and drinks at the same time.  The waitress then says she will get our drinks right away.  She walks off.  About 10 minutes later, still no drinks.  So I walk over to where she is.  She is sitting at the table counting her tips.  I agin request our drinks.  She finally brings them over and starts talking about how they are short staffed. (Isn't everyone these days?)   I am not sure how that applies to her forgetting our drinks.  So now she goes on and talks about how she is a school teacher that lost her job during the pandemic but has worked at the restaurant for a while.   She goes on about all of the lazy kids they are hiring.  She then said her daughter works there but isn't one of the lazy ones. We finally get our food.  The food was actually very good and it is the only reason I didn't give one star.  While we were eating, and elderly couple near us requested that the blinds be closed because the sun was shining right in.  They close the blinds.  The waitress (same as ours) comes back and starts telling the lady that they had to argue with a customer sitting near the window who wanted to look out.  Why on Earth would you come back and tell the lady that?  Handle that stuff in-house.  Now the lady feels bad. So after about 30 minutes, we finally get refills and the check dropped off.  No offer for dessert just the check in the table. It takes her about 15 -20 minutes to bring the cash out machine over.  She only did so because I held my card out in front of her as she was walking by.  She had spent that 15-20 minutes gabbing away at a table.  As for the interior of the restaurant.  The salad bar (which we did not have) looked old and not very fresh.  The wooden blinds on the windows are broken in several places.
Ordered carry out as dining is closed. Smokey Mountain Chicken with broccoli and grilled asparagas was delicious. Wife said her burger was perfectly done. Thank you, chef.
We really enjoy going to Ruby in Canton.  The staff is very pleasant and the food is good.  However, they just had a big price increase this week - burgers are about $2 more than they were last week.  That's just crazy!  Not sure if we'll eat here as much as we have in the past...
There have been times when I have been here without incident, and the food and service has been, you know, whatever: fine. But then recently we went in and had an odd experience. The place was almost empty, yet there was a family waiting to be seated. I approached the greeter, who seemed to be day-dreaming until I sort of waved at her, and then she said, "Oh. Um. Can you wait for like two minutes?" We sat down to wait. No one seated the waiting family. No one seated us. Another group came in and were asked to wait. Everyone waited. There seemed to be waitresses around and there was a whole restaurant full of empty tables. Eventually, we just left.I don't know what the deal was or whether it's a common occurrence or a one-time deal. I just wish someone could have just seated us, maybe brought us a beverage, and THEN let us wait!
I was pleasantly surprised by this place!  After a 5 hour drive from Chicago through an electrical storm, I was cranky and craving sashimi.  We opted for convenience and ended up at Ruby Tuesday, which was my first time since I'm skeptical about chains.For 11 pm on a Friday, their salad bar was fresh and abundant, so I opted for the soup and salad combo, which was solid.  I love salad bars and RT's is the only chain I've seen with one.  My white chili was also very tasty.  My guy got the steak and lobster mac.  He said the steak was so-so, but his lobster mac actually had chunks of lobstery goodness in it.  Their $5 drink menu is good too - my watermelon mojito was tasty (fresh sugarcane!), although it could have been a bit stronger.  Our server was sweet and very attentive, even though we were her last customers of the night.
I love the wide variety of five dollar drinks. They are not weak or made with terribly cheap booze either. I like the Sauza gold margarita, the Long Island iced tea and the Bacardi mojito.We sit in the bar area tables and watch the TVs sometimes when we are in the mood for a light nosh with a drink and some apps, maybe a triple prime burger for the husband. It is never smoky but you can smoke in there.I like the ty phoon shrimp, the dumplings and the queso dip as apps. If I am in the mood for a meal I like the salad bar with the white chicken chili combo. I also like they have lighter low carb side options like the super tasty mashed cauliflower, sugar snap peas, asparagus and sauteed portabellas. They also have several dinners though that are dietician okayed and reasonably tasty, of them I like the chicken bella and New Orleans seafood best.I am not saying it is gourmet but it is reasonable, close to my house and it works in a pinch. Join the e club and get a freebie burger for your birthday to boot!And yep I am the type of girl who will eat low carb so I can manage to also have a drink. Shhhh don't tell my dietician.
Trigame la quenta por favor...es no muy bien!  So, me and my buddy JJ went to this Ruby Tuesday's to grab something to eat yesterday...well, one of us left hungry.   Strike 1...I ordered up a Ribeye and JJ decided on the "Premium Aged Prime Sirloin."  Both included the salad bar, so I go up there and lo and behold...wtf is on this plate?  As this is a family show, I'll just say the plate wasn't clean, neither were the next 4-8 I checked.  Some gals across from us were up there too and one started raging on the hostess as she clearly heard me, JJ, and both gals ahead of us discussing the dirty dishes and didn't say one word.Strike 2...I had water and JJ got his diet coke...well, problem was it wasn't diet.  No problem unless you're diabetic and JJ is.  Someone got the hoses to drinks mixed up.  Strike 3...We get our steaks and both were ordered medium.  Mine is ok, but JJ's was still cold in the center and something else, so he asks the waitress to take it back. Even she says the day cooks are better than the night ones.  The manager returns with the same plate a few minutes later, same plate (potatoes and broccoli are cold by now) and same steak whicht didn't look any more appetizing.  The manager apologizes for the shoddy kitchen work, but to no avail...just  bring us the bill so we can get out of here.  The manager was nice enough to cancel it, but needs to shore up his operation.After a quick estimate of the bill a tip is left for the waitress since she is only the messenger.  You're OUT! Needless to say I will not be returning to eat here.
Have never been so disappointed in my life. We were seated in the bar area our waitress was definitely not a people person. We saw her to order our food , deliver our food and for our bill that's it never to check to see how we were doing. We got three meals a Brisket Sandwich- dry overcooked brisket my cheese was put on after my sandwich was cut and was unmelted and uncut,  Chicken Tender - overcook to the point they couldn't be eaten fries were over cooked , Bacon Cheese Burger- asked for medium rare with no tomato received a well done burger with a juicy tomato. On the plus side the fires were cooked perfect just had no flavor.
This use to be my go to restaurant with my children after sports , school, etc. always great service and food consistently good. Stopped by for a quick lunch with my mother- food barely edible!! She ordered shrimp scampi and the oil was dripping off pasta- told waitress . She offered to have another dish made, but it took 45 mins for this dish with a handful of diners, no thank you. My mom said she'd just eat the shrimp.  Waitress came back and said " I took the pasta off and only charged you for the shrimp " - ummm ok? So first off- the dish sucked and had she known you were still charging her 8.00 for 3 rubbery shrimp my mom would have said take the entire dish - it was that bad! Really?? I got the garlic parm wings and loaded potato- potato about size of my palm and the wings- over cooked and chewy. This all makes me sad- this was one of a few chain restaurants I loved. I get staffing and supply shortages- and try to not complain- however this was unacceptable at best.
You can still do the salad bar. That with a loaded baked potato makes the best meal for me and don't forget the Ruby Relaxer or 2. But you have to drive to Lisbon CT for it. Well with the trip snd lists of places to shop afterwards.
We usually go to Chillis across the street but decided to try here since it had been a while. Big mistake. We were seated right away, not very busy for a Friday night. Guess that should of clued us in. Started with the bone in buffalo wings app. They were good, but $12.99 for 8 pieces was a little steep. My wife ordered the Asiago bacon chicken. The menu described it as TWO chicken breasts, and she received one small piece of chicken, so no leftovers and it was $18.99! I ordered the 12 oz. Ribeye steak for $22.99 and told the waitress medium. I know she heard me because she read our entire order back to us to confirm..My steak arrived and was well done. Not a trace of pink. The quality of the cut was not too good and I doubt it was a 12 oz. I have had better prime ribs for less. I waited to tell the waitress but she never returned to check on us. So I ate it as cooked. One son had NEW fish and chips. We all agreed the 3 small strips he received looked more like fish sticks or chicken tenders. For $13.99 it was a disappointment. My other sons choice was the smokehouse burger for $12.99. This was the best value for the money, except he had onion rings instead of fries, and received 5 rings so if youre hungry opt for fries. I waitress was polite but never returned to ask how everything was. Later she dropped off the check without asking if we wanted desert. Total was $79 before tax and tip, good think we only get waters. I did report this to the corporate website. I will update this review if i hear back from them. One last note, I heard the guy next to us send back his bbq beef brisket because it was mostly fat. He opted for a burger.
Aside from the drugs being done in the parking lot, I was able to observe from my dining seat the individual wrapping the silverware.  This was a gross experience to watch as I decided I don't need my silverware.  No gloves scratched head after texting on her phone (we all know how gross are screens are) and proceeded to wrap silverware....that we use to put their food in our mouth.  Guess there's a reason they're closing locations!
This was precovid I was in at this location. Service horrible. Ordered spaghetti squash. It was rotten and they wouldn't comp or give another side. Offered me more squash but it was all made together so anything they would bring me would taste rotten. All they kept saying was we made it this morning. Ok you may have had a rotten squash in the mix because I'm sure that they cook more than one squash a day! Do yourself a favor. Go to a locally owned restaurant and support the locals. I will never step foot in a ruby Tuesday again.
Went here for lunch, awful service. I ordered a burger and asked for medium-rare. I received the burger raw, barely cooked. We waited about 10 min for a server to emerge so I could let them know. They didn't even apologize, we had to ask for it to get removed from the check. Also the side salad lettuce was all rotten. The iced tea was pure sugar as well. I do not recommend this place. Very long wait just to get seated and get our drinks as well, considering it was not busy.
We ordered a catered luncheon from them as part of a Christmas feast for my team. We ordered 150 individual boxed meals. They were amazing. The delivered on time, exactly as ordered, labeled them and the food was great! Each meal (we chose 5 varieties each for 3 deliveries) was hot, fresh, and perfectly cooked. Our team absolutely loved it. We had ordered from FOUR other restaurants over the span of November and December catering and RT was the only one  on point
Terrible service. I've been here many times and never had an issue. I decided to order take out from their 'to go' menu. They advertise 'to go' where they will come out and bring the food to your car but there was no option on the website for this? I went inside to pick my food up and there was no one at the podium near the door. I was standing there while a waiter was just hanging out near the salad bar. He kept staring at me and I was waiting for him to come over and help me. He never came over. He starting talking to some people and I was getting aggravated. Finally a waitress came over and I said I was picking up an order. In a snobby tone, she told me I had to pick up my order at the bar. How was I supposed to know I had to pick the food up at the bar? She then walked away in a different direction and didn't even walk me to where the bar was.  Don't know what was up with the staff, but they were very rude and seemed to only care about socializing. I will not be ordering from here again. You just lost a customer.
Saturday April 6, 2019. Went to Rubys with my wife and sat at the bar. You should probably pay the female bartender more money for the disgusting verbal abuse she received from her male coworker. I was disappointed to see we paid for a meal to listen to him put her down the whole evening, all the while looking rather confused and overwhelmed with his own job. I would have tipped more if he wasn't receiving half of the money. I hope she's made aware we witnessed her professionalism- and you remove him from the bar or we will be spending our Saturdays at Chili's.
This place has gone soooo down hill these past couple years. I used to love this restaurant, now you can't pay me to go this location!The silverware is filthy, plates on the salad bar are dirty, they put out new food on top of old food in the salad bar and mix it together! There was litterally potato salad that was yellow because it had been in the bar for so long, I saw a gentleman come out and put fresh potato salad on top of it and mix it in!The floors are disgusting, they look hardly cleaned.  The portions are so small & not worth the money.  The fish is a poor excuse for fish. The meat is never cooked properly and their white cheddar mashed potatoes are no longer real. They're fake.The service is okay, but not the best.I'm not sure about all the other Ruby Tuesdays but this location is terrible!!
Usually its not a long wait but today was busy so it we did have a semi long wait. My friend said the breadstick was too salty but his shrimp pasta was good. The hot mess burger was noted to have too much sauce but was super great. Overall the food was amazing. And the dessert definitely didn't disappoint. Everything was delicious and ill of course come back.
Service was trash, waitress was high as hell (I support maryjane use but not when you're on cloud nine staring at the ceiling and I'm hungry). Will not go again and would recommend others not to, there's a 5 guys not to far, go to them
My Family and I ate here tonight at Ruby Tuesday Very Friendly Staff and Waiter (Eladio)Wait time to be seated was less than 5 minutes. Very clean, neat and reasonable prices. Food was very tasty. I ordered the Turkey burger with a side of Broccoli. Christmas music and relaxing music was playing it was a very nice and relaxing environment. My Mom and Aunt enjoyed themselves as well. Very friendly and peaceful environment. Very roomy seating.
Burger was good but fruit flies were EVERYWHERE! I mean flying around the open liquor bottles everywhere and everyone thought it was normal. If I noticed it the staff should never will go back but then again I won't ever be back in this small ass town anyways DISGUSTING!!!!
No wonder they're closing up Ruby Tuesday's. Food suck and to go sucks even more. Ordered to go 2 of their overpriced cheeseburgers. I ordered mine medium rare and my Wife ordered hers medium.   We ordered extra Mayo on them.  We get to where we were going and opened up the bag. You guessed if. Not a frigging napkin. Also, no utensils either. So I guess you have to eat with your hands and spread the Mayo on with your fingers and lick your fingers clean. Than comes the burgers. Well you guessed it again. 2 burgers that tasted like sawdust they were so dry. Well done also. You could hardly swallow the garbage. I barely ate half and threw it out. Burger King would have been much better. We will never again go their. Their food and service sucks.
The food was good and reasonably priced. The atmosphere was a little off but we will chock that up to the covid regulations about dinning. The reason they did not score high is due to our server "Star" with long black hair and a Nike logo interacted with us about 2 times. She was dry and did not try to build customer relationships. It was clear with the regulars or people that she knew she were personable and would talk to them but with new people it seemed to be an inconvenience or almost beneath her. She took our drink order and our food order. Had another server drop our food off. Then we didn't see her again until the end of our meal when she asked about dessert and dropped out tab off. We then waited an additional 10-15 minutes to where we witnessed another Ginger/red hair worker clearing tables, seating people, cashing people out, and cleaning bathrooms while our server was no where in the dining area. Over all the food was good and enjoyable, but the way the server treats customers was uncomfortable and unfriendly. Recommend putting this as a take out place and not an actual sit down dining experience.
Will never be going back here again! The kitchen forgot about my dinner then when it finally came out I got food poisoning from it! Was so sick couldn't even make it 15 min from the restaurant! Do not recommend
We love the Ruby Relaxers, pretzel sticks with queso, and the veggie trio.  The tatter tots are pretty good too.
Do not come here. It's actually the worst. Came here on a quiet Weds night and ordered a burger. Fries came soggy and greasy where I could wring grease from these old potato sticks. My bf's fries came out crispy so you know they're capable of producing edible fries?? I asked for some new fries and the server was incredibly condescending. Burger was burnt and came with some burnt scrapings from some other persons patty. When I showed the server she said it's just meat. To top it off, she handed our credit card to the wrong table without noticing. Had many mediocre experiences here but this is by far the worst. Won't be coming back.
Wait staff: GoodFood: Warm and Edible-ishBar drinks: TERRIBLE!  You might as well drink syrup with no alcohol.  They're THAT bad!  Old fashions and sangrias...pretty sure they filled the glasses up with simple syrup and topped with coloring.  The bartender here is miserable.  Avoid at all costs.
One of their employees meets Facebook Marketplace buyers in the restaurant parking lot and sells scam cell phones that do not work and lies about it.  The manager failed to do anything about it.  Avoid this place and their shady employees.
Thought we'd give it one more chance. Entree prices were higher, new salad bar had some odd ingredients to make it to 55 and lacked some old favorites.  My broccoli cheddar soup tasted burnt.  I couldn't eat it. My friend s burger was just ok. Service was ok.  Wont be back.
Well I waited an hour without a server then we finally got one. We ordered our food and waited another hour for it but in the mean time we had the salad bar that had food that appeared to be a week old and also tasted the same. Our food came and it was horrible also under cooked, then we finally came to dessert that was freezer burnt. I do not suggest eating here I am truly trying to save your life.
Good food and excellent broccoli.Good service and food is delicious. Very delightful with great service.
Don't fall for the BS! I left vm for the area supervisor about this visit.  Never heard anything from them?Followed direction to email:guestrelations@rubytuesd...With all the information about my visit.Never heard anything from them?Notice they comment how disappointed they are but never actually do anything to fix it.They still don't have hairnets over their beards?
Ruby Tuesdays in Oswego is disgusting  walked in walked out smelled nasty dirty stay far away...
I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and when it got there my waitress told me there was no mustard so I simply wanted something else on the menu and they refused to make it with out me paying for it because "there's no reason they should have to pay for it" my waitress was extremely rude (her name was summer) and my friend that I took to dinner with me ask for a medium rare ribeye stake and they came out with a well done steak that was mostly fat when I say mostly I mean 80% at the very least. Extremely unsatisfied with my food, service was unacceptable not to mention my drink was filled one time the whole hour I was in the restaurant and when I got there it was a 30min wait when there were multiple open tables
My brother ordered a steak medium-rare. the steak came with a slight sear and completely raw in the middle. He sent It back, and it came back, a little more seared, but still 50 percent raw. he said he was done, didn't eat the steak. he ate his sides. we got a 10 percent discount on each item. came out to about 5 dollars discount, meaning he got charged 12 dollars for some zucchini and potatoes and ruined dinner. If I was the owner, I'd be so embarrassed that the steak was messed up twice, and I'd completely refund both meals. Go to Red Sun and get a great meal reasonably priced.
While I was there on a Saturday night around 7, the staff were all so happy and polite. They all seemed to be having a great time together all while providing excellent service. It's nice to walk in and just feel such a good vibe. The manager  was around the whole time, helping out her team members in any way she could. I heard her ask two different employees how their thanksgiving was and what they did for it. On top of it, my Ruby Relaxer was so tasty as was our food!
I stopped in for what I hoped would be a "quick" lunch, but the service and kitchen are slowwww. I was seated immediately and my order was taken right away, and then I waited for 30+ minutes for a grilled chicken sandwich. I enjoyed my food, it was just a long wait.
I went here expecting normal chain restaurant service but was surprised by how knowledgeable and inviting our waitress was. Emily helped me and my date with every choice we had with the menu and was extremely courteous with us. I hope I see her when I visit again she was tall, dirty blonde and very cute.
Just left with my girlfriend, we had a wonderful meal I had the salmon with zucchini and the salad bar, she had ribs with fries and potatoes. The man who served us was very polite and was always on time perfectly we will be seeing you again soon thank you for a good meal!!
My husband and I frequently eat here. It's hit or miss with this restaurant. Tonight was a huge miss!! I have a life threatening bamboo allergy, whenever I order anything I specifically ask to make sure there's no bamboo sticks in or around my food. Usually there's never a problem. Tonight we waited almost 45 minutes for our meal, when it came out I could see a hole in the bun from the stick! When the waiter came back I told him that there was a stick in this sandwich at some point. He said yes I had it made 4 times and they kept putting sticks in it. Hello they served it anyway... He took it away and said he would let the manager know, and that dessert would be on the house. Approximately 25 minutes later a manager who did not introduce himself apologized and said he made it himself and he could guarantee that there was no bamboo stick in it and that my meal would be taken off the check. At this point my husband was already done with his meal and it's now 8:45 and I'm just eating my supper. I haven't even mentioned that I'm a diabetic! So yes we have free dessert and my meal was taken off. My question is why do they continue to use sticks in food? If I was that manager I would have completely paid the bill. I will never go to this restaurant again, it's literally not worth risking my life! They're only getting one star because I can't give zero. And I don't blame the server at all he was very apologetic to us.
The service was slow. Sat right by the register, so I don't understand the time wait. The waitress was nice but not persistent. Food was mediocre and bland. Overpriced for a small portions. Wouldn't recommend this place.
Worst place to eat... Tried to order takeout twice and was hold for 20 mins both times, when I called the third time the very unhelpful manager rudely explained they were a 30 min wait and that's why i was forgotten about, barely apologized, hurriedly took my order and said that the wait for food was 30-45 mins because his expo side was really busy, but I wouldn't understand that( I work in the restaurant/ service industry so I do understand, and while i understand that they may have been busy/on a wait they were so unprofessional and did not care at all.,,  and rude)and hung up! The attitude that this establishment dictates was awful and unpleasant!
Terrible service.Every time we get take out, they get the order wrong.We have had to go back be because they forgot our salads, etc.Very frustrating
Our family ate at this restaurant tonight and we could not have been more than disappointed.  I ordered the twin lobster tails (knew it was a big risk) which came completely rubbery over cooked and tasted worse. I  immediately sent it back for the 1/2 rack of ribs. They came looking terrible and were the smallest rack of baby back ribs I have ever had the largest one was 2 inches long, and the smallest no bigger than my child's pinky. They tasted terrible. I ate half of one and did not touch the rest. French fries came with the dish and all they gave me were the end pieces all burned. My wifes meal was equally bad. What did the manager offer us after the second dish was terrible. Nothing! I was give a gift certificate for my birthday to eat here and it was a very bad dinner. The wait staff is pretty good, but the food here is as bad as it gets.
Came in around 1 and was told that just me by myself would be a 45 min wait. I noticed 1 other party of 3 waiting and no one standing outside. Less than half the tables were taken, so I'm thinking that i was told that since I was the only white person in sight. Can't ever know for sure, but thats what the puzzle pieces look like to me. Won't be returning.
Stood in the Lobby all while the servers walked right by us, as if we weren't even there, I asked if we could be seated and the server seemed surprised, as if we had been spoke to, Really? Then she said it would be a 30 to an hour wait until the kitchen caught  up, Excuse me,? It is the managers duty to make sure everyone is on board for the Holiday.
Sat down and waited 30 minutes.  There were only 5 tables seated in the whole restaurant.  Waitress never came to my table.  Staff just kept ignoring my table even though they knew we were waiting.   They were super attentive to the black customers to the point of walking past us repeatedly to help them while still ignoring us.  The staff is racist against white people.  Ended up walking out.  Never going to this racist place again.
Shout out to Karen! Greatest waitperson ever! And the food at this location is always good. Salad bar is always fresh. My baked potato was cooked just right and the ribs are the best I've had outside of a bbq joint. I recommend this place highly. And ask for Karen if you want an extra fun meal.
Walked in and was seated at the bar counter as I requested.  Was staying at a hotel across the street, and I was tired but hungry, so decided to have a quick dinner there.For 15 minutes, I sat there unable to get the waiters to come take my order.  Eye contact attempts and my raised hand were  deliberately avoided and/or ignored.  I did actually caught attention of one of the waiters but he decided it was time to turn around and go busy himself with something else other than attending my needs which I was ready to pay for and tip.  Walked out without anyone saying a word to me and ended up driving elsewhere for food.   No, I wasn't stinking bad or wearing Speedo or anything that made me unapproachable.  we see so many social media posts about people not tipping waiters right nowadays and there is a Ruby Tuesday with waiters who just complete ignore your existence.  Shame.
Food was awesome. I had the Smokey mountain chicken and hubby had the chicken  fajitas. Salad bar was amazing as always. Tony was our server and was super friendly and upbeat. We will ask for him next time!
Haven't been to this ruby Tuesday in a while! I ordered the New Orleans seafood tilapia with broccoli and the salad bar, you know just trying to be healthy! The tilapia was bommmmbbbbb but then I saw a hair in my food which looked like a lash, normally I would return the food but I had already ate so much that I was rather disgusted and didn't want anymore after that let alone sit and wait plus I had a busy toddler on my hands! But I will suggest this meal just make sure it doesn't have any hair! Salad bar was fresh as always and our sever was nice, I don't remember her name though!
Horrible and filthy. The Department of Health should inspect this place. The walls are splattered with food and residue from too many meals served and not cleaned up after. The salad bar had wilting slimy cucumbers and nothing but stems for the romaine. The ranch dressing the consistency of water. My Caesar Salad seemed to be missing the Parmesan cheese, the lettuce tasted old. Finally, our onion rings were inedible. By pass this place.
Every. Single. Item on your menu does NOT have to taste like garlic. Believe it or not. Oh, and one other thing...if you're going to bother with a liquor license to sell mixed drinks, you might try actually putting some alcohol in them.
Love their salad bar! The atmosphere is so relaxing. The food options are great! Service is fantastic!
Ugh... they closed years ago (don't remember when) and I decided to give it a try.Salad bar & clam chowder soup... not the ultimate feast at Ruby Tuesday's but a nice lunch.  Service was nice, food was not.  The mushrooms were brown - and they weren't supposed to be.  The spinach was 1/2 wilted.  The salad bar had rotini pasta with tomatoes, or rotini pasta with broccoli, or rotini pasta with... with... with... I will not go there again.  Boo.
I personally love Ruby Tuesdays.  The interior was recently redone.  It looks awesome!  I go for the salad bar, it is the best in town.  It's a great family restaurant.
To me, Ruby Tuesday's has always been in a very boring category of theme restaurants along with Applebee's and, I don't know, Chili's? The last time i was in one was years ago, and it was probably this very one, years ago, and it was boring as shit.I went to eat at this location again with my mother, and when we went inside, we were shocked to discover that they had done a kind of huge renovation of the interior. Everything was dark and kind of oaky now. There was a little style on display. Everything was classed up with fancified nature art on the walls and this mystical art deco style in overabundance. Some of the art on the walls falls out of the nature schema and I could've sworn I saw a painting by Santiago Martinez Delgado hanging in there. It was... bizarre.So, along with the upgrade in class, so followed the menu prices. I ordered the gourmet chicken pot pie (not as stupid as it sounds, trust me), which came with organic tomatoes and little cluster bombs of mozzarella that were beyond delicious, and took a spin on the fancy ultra upscale salad bar (not as hokey as it sounds). It was delicious. My salad was amazing, not just with the selections of ingredients, but the quality of said ingredients, so I barely nibbled at my very tasty chicken pot pie and had to get a doggy bag. To a man, there's nothing that will emasculate you more than having to ask for the to go box. In fact, I said, "I'm sorry, miss, but may I please have a to go box," and the kind and lovely waitress and giggled and said, "You mean a doggy bag? Of course you can." Awesome.All of that said, from the outside, this Ruby Tuesday's looks bigger than it is and looks just like another theme restaurant.  You wouldn't think much of it as you pass it by, as I imagine most people do each day. Inside, it's like a portal to another, much classier establishment, or some kind of Great Gatsby faux upscale joint. The light level is low, almost moody. I couldn't say that I wouldn't come here again, because I would, I just don't know how passionate I would be about the idea. This is the place to bring friends that want to pretend their eating way above their station.
One of the less popular restaurants of its type, and with good reason. Their meals tend to be overpriced for what you get. The inside of the restaurant is so dark, too, and to the point of no longer being warm or inviting. The service is okay, though.I used to like this place a lot more than I do now, but they got rid of all of my favorite dishes. No more portabella burgers. No more trio. It's hardly the same place anymore.
Way overpriced for frozen dinner grade food, much like Millstone. Salad bar is a downgraded version of what you get at most Ruby Tuesday. They are know for their salad bar and here it's about 1/3 the size. Ordered chicken strip and salad bar and chicken strip took 45 minutes and they were burnt. Made her take them off the bill and just paid for my salad.
RT is a chain so there's no menu surprises. Very few customers at 1:15. The one waiter, Austin,  had all the area, bussed the tables then greeted and sat three more guest tables.I had the salad bar which is a full selection table.  More than enough to fill me. My husband ordered fish and chips. When it came there was no tartar sauce. The server didn't mention that as he would have made a different choice. He did bring Mayo when we requested it. While service was slow I understood Austin had to serve everyone.
The waiter was not reliable. They messed up my order twice. My girlfriend found a really big piece of plastic in her food. I told the waiter and he just said oh and went on with his day. My sisters salmon was very undercooked. I also told the waiter about this and he did nothing. He said sorry and that was it. He didn't offer to replace it or for a free meal. I had to catch the manager when he was walking by and he offered a free desert. It's not the ruby Tuesday's I use to know. I would recommend staying away. Eat elsewhere.
Got seated promptly and got water and every other person who walked in got service but us! Waiter knew people at the one table and kept going over to them. Tried to wave someone over with menus on edge of table meaning we wanted to order. We left. Building also was very worn had to much time to look around waiting.
This is one of the better places in town to eat. I love the friendly waitstaff and it is always clean. I have ordered various meals from here and have found consistency which is something most restaurants in Aberdeen, SD struggle with. Love the food and is one of my favorite places to each lunch at.
We were sat inside on a Saturday night and greeted right away at the door. We waited a long time for our server to greet us and saw other servers walking by us. We never saw a server, but what was the biggest turn off was there is no social distanced tables  (we were 12 inches away from other guests), none of the employees or customers wearing masks. My mother is in the age range which it could be high risk.We decided to leave and found a restaurant that had all employees wearing masks. Strange (we thought it was a state thing and all restaurants would be mask free then) that some restaurants seem to care about all of their customers not just a few. It was uncomfortable from the beginning. I work in a restaurant and wait tables and think it's common courtesy and is a requirement for our servers
First off: it's New Year's Eve so I knew there was going to be some wait. For a table of three there was a wait time of about 30 minutes which was reasonable. We were taken back to our table after about 25 minutes. Upon being sat we ordered our drinks and our waitress left us. Immediately to our right we're three tables covered in empty cups, plates, and kids menus with crayons. Our waitress came back to take our order and only after that did someone finally get around to cleaning off those tables.... 26 minutes after we were seated. I don't know how long they were like that before we had got there, but it's a holiday during supper rush you would think they would be eager to clean those off to seat more people. My father ordered the sirloin (medium rare) with shrimp. And my mother and i ordered our own food. After another 30 minute wait our food arrived. They forgot the shrimp for my dads order and upon cutting into his steak saw it was well done. My father is very particular about his steak so he sent his entire order back to the kitchen. The man who brought our food out offered to take it off our bill and my frustrated father nodded his head. My mother and i ate and our waitress brought us our bill which we see it was taken off. Overall the service was alright, the experience was lacking but the food was ok.My father claims he will not be frequenting the establishment again.
The sirloin steak with slices of asiago cheese was tough, no flavor  and not cooked to a medium well specification.  Not recommended. The manager and cook were advised by server after all was said and done with no offer to rectify. Salad bar was great.
5 stars on the Happy Hour specials alone. I usually stick to appetizers and drinks (which are awesome), but occasionally I've had a good steak or chicken breast there, too. We always sit on the bar side, and service had been great!
I'm out of town and in Aberdeen for a month. Ruby Tuesday's is usually not my go-to but, the staff here is amazing and the food is really good. Great bar.
Was in Aberdeen for the weekendi decided to go try the new Ruby Tuesdays. I wasvery impressed with the service and quality of food. I had a young lady named Karly served me and was wonderful. She was really professional and made my experience very enjoyable I will definately be going back.
Maybe because this place is new? I don't know, but our experience was awful! Gumbo and steamed broccoli was too salty to eat. Service took FOREVER!!  Had to repeatedly ask for things over and over and then wait. My pretzel burger was the only redeeming feature. We will not be coming back.
Our family made reservations at Ruby Tuesday for Thanksgiving.  In fact, we called 4 days ahead of Thanksgiving to see if we could make reservations.  On the phone, I asked for 11:00 a.m., and the man said there weren't any times left except beginning at 12:30, so I made reservations for 12 people.  A day before Thanksgiving, I called Ruby Tuesday to confirm our reservation.  We arrived at 12:25 on Thanksgiving only to find out that we would have to wait for an hour before being seated.  The young lady who was at the desk said that people without reservations were also being seated.  While we stood in line, waiting, other people who had reservations were also waiting. The entry was so full, you could barely walk through.  Some told us they had waited for nearly an hour.  I talked to the manager, but she was not helpful at all.  She blamed the people at the front desk and said that the walk-ins got out of hand.  She did nothing to help us.  When we were finally told that we could be seated (40 minutes later), we found out that the staff had put our family of 12 at 3 different tables.  What could have been an enjoyable day turned out to be a fiasco.  I watched as many folks with reservations left to find another place in which to eat.  We will not be eating at Ruby Tuesday in the future.  This is the first time our family has ever experienced this type of inferior service, and we have been making reservations to eat out for many years.
Had reservations for Thanksgiving with family including 3 that were elderly. We arrived on time, then waited for 45 + minutes and still could not be seated.  We found they were seating people who did not have reservations. Shows extremely poor management. We couldn't make our elderly relatives stand around to wait any longer so we left. Ruined our Thanksgiving. Will not be returning. EVER. Later heard food was marginal anyway.
This place is dirty! The rugs smell and the food was not that great! The booth we sat in was so dirty with ripped seats and filthy, I don't know why we didn't walk out!Looks like the Paneling hasn't been wiped in years! Ugh!!
I'm just over the moon about the salad bar I like all the fixings and it's consistent no matter where you go in the country ruby Tuesdays is known for the awesome salad bar and it's always consistently good
Place is going downhill.Mediocre food.Depressing atmosphere.Everything in the place needs a revamping.
We've haven't been here for a long time because we didn't enjoy our last meal (during the pandemic) but we received an email offer for a free entree with one purchase option. Gave them another chance and glad we did. The salad bar (they call it a Garden Bar) is back!!!! That earned 1 1/2 stars.The food was served hot and fresh and it was very good. Our server, Jen, has been there "forever" and we also ask for her when we arrive. A lot of new staff there, but Jen is still the best! Their hours have changed and they close at 9:00 pm SHARP every night now, so no late night stops at their bar for a drink. The are also closed for lunch twice a week (Mondays & Thursdays) so dinner 4-9 pm is their standard operating hours. There was a nice crowd there so people are returning to this restaurant. We will be back because we enjoy their Garden Bar ($5.99) as this separates them from just another diner or a place like Chili's (yuck!).
This used to be my favorite place to go for dinner.  They used to have an awesome  salad bar which I always got in order to have a dessert if Iwanted to. We took our daughter there last night for her birthday since she had never been there and wanted the salad bar also.  Much to our surprise and disappointment,  there was no salad bar at all!!The prices were raised a lot and our 5 ounce wine cost $10!  I could have bought an entire bottle for that price.  Our bill including tip  was $121.  For that price we could have gone to Seasons 52, and that is where we will be celebrating important events from now on.
The only reason we went here was because we had a gift card. This place needs to be closed. It's dirty and the service was terrible. The food is overly salty. Our food arrived lukewarm and our spinach artichoke dip was greasy and cold. Waitress was inattentive and the hostess was too busy on her cell phone to notice customers were seated and weren't waited on. Don't waste your time and money on this place.
The food was amazing.  We started with the shrimp fondue appetizer.  I had half rack of ribs with tots and broccoli.  The ribs were done to perfection in their classic bbq sauce.  Falling off the bone and delicious.  My daughter had the shrimp scampi in a lemon sauce.   She too really enjoyed her meal.  She said the shrimp were amazing but the sauce was a little too lemony.  Overall, she would order it again because it had a lot of flavor.The waiter was subpar.  He was quick to take our order, but he never approached our table again except to see if we wanted dessert.  Never asked I'd everything was ok.  Never asked if we needed refills.  Not even a check in.  If he was overwhelmed by his 4 tables he was serving, fine,  but they were in a row (all booths) so he could easily have checked in while walking by.  Nope. Not the case.  It's a shame because this place deserves 5 stars based on our meal.  When it was time to pay, he brought over a portable credit card machine and left it on the table and walked away.  I wanted to pay cash but didn't because I wasn't sure if I was allowed.  I accidentally hit the wrong button on the machine and had to navigate my way through his other open orders to find mine.  Oddly, we had the same tab total as another table so if I didnt check it out, their bill would have been paid.  It's a bad system that allowed me to see other orders, but even worse that he just left the machine for me to do whatever with it.  Really I have one pet peeve when eating at a restaurant and this is when the server doesn't ask us if everything is OK while we are still eating.  If you wait until we are done, it's too late.
Alway order online from this location. I decided to take my kids out to celebrate their good grades for the end of school year. Happy to finally be in a restaurant. They seated us and we were at our table for 25 minutes without a waiter. The waiters kept passing by us. They truly ignored us.  When we got up to leave they proceeded to tell us our waiter was coming. There were two groups of caucasian people that came after us and they were served. Work on your customer service with people of color.  Very very disappointing.
Nice while it lasted. Post Covid they closed this location. Nearest location is in Mt Laurel NJ..Too far to travel with competitors close by. Shame we enjoyed dining there. During Covid shut down we did take out, but I guess not enough business to stay open.
Patrick is the best server ever!! He was super polite, respectful, and made sure we had a great experience! The food was also great!
So we called ahead this past Saturday and were told that it would be a 45 minute wait but we decided to go to anyway thinking that there really was no such thing as a 45 minute for a RT anywhere. Fortunately we were right. The hostess seemed like she was almost trying to scare people away on purpose by giving out intentionally bloated wait times. They were busy but not even close to 45 minute wait time busy. Sure enough we came and gave our name and she said 45 minutes but viola we were called in 20. Go figure. The food itself was alright, it was made better by one of their entree BOGO coupons, and even though the place was busy our server "B" did a great job keeping the food and drinks flowing. The Grilled Salmon was cooked as it should and the Chicken Florentine worked although the sauce tasted saltier than usual.Overall I'll go with 4 out of 5 as even though the food and service was good the hostess needs to get a grip on reality and stop trying to turn away business with bloated wait times that are false.
Been here twice and it's not bad. On the weekends it's packed! I've had the Buffalo burger and it's pretty good, love how the fries are bottomless. The last time I had the rib-eye steak and lobster mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was yummy, as for my steak; I asked for med-well and I got raw. I sent it back to the kitchen and got a new steak cooked to my liking with no problem. Service was good and everyone was friendly. Will be back.
This chain, is like Night & Day with other location In Franklin Mills, pa. New restaurant, great management, clean , nice atmosphere-even quality better-weird. Met up with friend of mine, for cocktails, nice, appetizers-were nice..nothing grand..but all in all Very pleasant place.
So after photos at Sears we swung up here to try this place for lunch. It's normally packed, so we were pleased to find it not too crowded. Let's start with what we liked:Fresh salad bar, great waitress Diane, blueberry lemonade, full sized burgers.What we didn't like:Clueless hostess who seats everyone directly next to each other when whole restaurant is empty. Blue Cheese salad dressing that was yellow from sitting out. Totally overcooked mini burgers.This was a first trip so I'll keep the review to highlights. Ask for Diane, she was great. Refills arrived super promptly of everything, and free refills included the fruit lemonades. The salad bar was great, although the dressings had been sitting out for a while hence the yellow top layer on the blue cheese. Burgers come with unlimited french fries, too.
I will say the wait staff was great!!!  The food however was not very good at all. I came with my three kids whom are not picky eaters.  My oldest had the nacho appetizer for and entree. Not good at all she asked for jalapenos on it, literally got 2 slices. My sons ribs were "ok" and "warm". My other son's burger was decent. I had the rib eye. Way too salty and very thinly cut. Mushy broccoli. The mashed potatoes were ok.  Not a very good food experience.
Great staff. Ladies out front wonderful. Personable and very accommodating. Will be back.
The past year this place has gone from bad to worse. Dirty dishes, nasty food. No manager to complain to this past weekend. This is the last time I will ever go there again. I complained that my potato was room temp. And the waitress said it was because they were trying to clean up and leave. She then sat down took off her shoes and socks and picked at her feet. Put her shoes back on, and came back over to our table to refill our tea. And she didn't wash her hands. What  else can I say. Stay away!
We called before pulling into the parking lot and were told no wait. 2 minutes later we went in and we're told there would be at least 30 minutes for a table, despite many empty tables. My husband complained to the hostess. A lady that said she was her mother followed us out to the car and opened the driver door and started yelling at us for being rude to her grown daughter. Once we finally got her. To step away from the door enough to close it, she went and stood behind our vehicle and banged on the back window. She wouldn't move so we could pull out until she saw I was calling the police.
What a mess. I ordered the chicken quesadilla. It was made totally wrong, with tomatoes inside, no bacon or scallions inside, and not served with the pico and sour cream. It was also tossed on a disposable plate piled on top of each other (each piece like it was thrown on.) The waitress was great and took it off the bill but did inform me even they said when she took it back it was messed up. My daughters sliders, the cheese wasn't melted but were other wise okay and speaking of non melted cheese, check out the "cheese fries" also sans scallions covered in what appears to be canned cheese sauce (which tasted gritty like it was old and separating) non melted shredded cheddar and bacon crumbles. No ranch served like in the menu. (Also arrived when my mom was finishing up her entree) The fries in the kids meals were so bad my two year old was like "nope" and he eats old McDonald's off the van floor. My mom got the chicken Alfredo, the broccoli was hard and it looked and tasted like it had been microwaved from frozen.  She ate it though because she was starving. And said it "wasn't horrible but not great.Don't get me wrong, I don't expect a ton from chains but come on man. Again, the waitress was great and  assisted us without complaint (her tip was in no way affected by the back of house travesty) but I don't think we'll be back.
Difficulty choosing what we wanted for food after our horse event nearby. Some of this group has shut down. Glad is open here. Always been good choice. And this was real good, everything. I had the Blackened Shrimp and Sausage Pasta with requested marinara. Sure good.
Food took well over an hour to come out and then was not good. Giving this 2 stars because the broccoli was strait gas dawg.
We didn't get waters until after the appetizers came out... but the Ruby Relaxers are gas.
It met all expectations, except that the food was cold. All the food probably would have been pretty good--if it were warm. The burger was lukewarm and the water was only cool, so that was kind of a disappointment.
This restaurant used to be top notch, but my experience this week was really disappointing. My friend and I each ordered the tilapia. It tasted like it had been freezer burned. The manager's reply was "some people just don't like tilapia". No, I love it, but this was real bad. My mashed potatoes were rubbery.The manager did agree with that. We sent it back and just got the salad bar. A good percentage of the toppings were frozen. The potato salad looked real bad. We paid for our soup and salad bars, but couldn't eat them. Not going back.
It's been a long time since I stopped at a Ruby Tuesday. We were on our way through Lincoln around dinner time. After a little research I realized they had an allergen menu, so we decided to stop since I have dairy and gluten intolerances. I was really impressed with their allergen menu. It was really easy for me to find something to eat. I was also excited to see spaghetti squash and zucchini on their menu; two items I eat often but don't typically see on a menu. Service was good. Pretty quick experience too.
Visited Ruby Tuesday's (3-2-15) following some meeting we had in the evening, so my friend and I didn't get there until at least 8:00 PM. He had a nice pork chop and I had the popcorn shrimp with a side of onion rings. The staff was pleasant but since when does one have to ask for cocktail sauce for the shrimp? That plus the shrimp and the onion rings were WAY over cooked...hard as a rock. I couldn't eat all of them as they were too hard. I should have asked and complained to the manager but I was too tired to haggle with them. Of note, the salad bar was wonderful and thus Ruby Tuesday's getting better than a 1-star rating. Even so, they didn't have crackers or bread items on the salad bar. Personally I thought my meal sucked, but my friends pork chop was very good. Moral of the story...caveat emptor. If I ever go back it won't be for the popcorn shrimp, I'll get the chops instead.
My friend and I drove all the way across town to get our salad bar fix and had the worst experience (had it not been for our wonderful server, Kelly D, we would have just walked out). After eating our salad bars we waited 28 minutes before getting our dinners. We asked our waitress if this was normal and she said yes it was there were numerous other complaints about the kitchen and how long it took to get the meals out. She stated that just the other day they had a42 minute time wait on their ticket. Our friend was having a baby and we were in a bit of a hurry. When the manager came over he was very rude to us saying the time was not any longer than normal (go figure if everyone is complaining) and he was sorry which didn't seem one bit genuine. He didn't ask if he could do anything to make our experience better even when we told him we drove all the way from south Lincoln. The server was very genuine and apologized many times for the inconvenience and gave us a free dessert for our friend who was having a baby. We are very disappointed in how we were treated and the time it took to have our dinner.  This place better get their act together or they may close just like the south location did.
Not even a buy one get one free will get me back to Ruby Tuesdays. They have gone down hill big time. Even with a coupon they were expensive. The food was not good at all. Would of been better off eating at McDonalds. I really look for the only Ruby Tuesdays left in Lincoln to close within the next few years.
Moderate pricing, nice restaurant.We got the salad bar and a sampler for our order. While the salad bar was good enough, they managed to forget our sampler order. The night we were there it wasn't even particularly busy, maybe 50% full at most. After a half an hour our server said it would be out in 2 or 3 minutes. 10 minutes later it still wasn't out.We had them take it off our check at about the 1 hour mark.Overall not a great experience but maybe worth a shot, we could've just had bad luck.
I would say we eat here on a fairly regular basis.  The service and food was very disappointing this time:(. Hamburger was under cooked, garnish was in the burger when asked to be left off, chicken sandwich was different and service was slow, water glasses were empty several times
We usually go here based on the great coupons they provide for newer items on their menu. This time it was for a free flat bread pizza with the purchase of an adult entree. I am vegetarian so the salad bar was really the one of 3 choices in their menu. I planned to do soup and salad but they were out if the only soup without meat. I opted for a spaghetti marinara meal. It was very bland and the marinara tasted like if was a cheap store brand. My husband got the flat bread and felt the same with the taste if his food. Our server was great considering we had our 21 month son with us.A coupon is a coupon but I do not think we will be returning due to not liking anything from Ruby Tuesdays but their salad bar, which seems to have drastically been downsized with items to select from.
I love Ruby Tuesday's big fresh salad bar!Good food and plenty of service.
I love Ruby Tuesday's fresh, fresh, fresh all-you-can-eat salad bar.  Great healthy, cheap way to eat cheap and quick.
I have tried contact guest review @Ruby Tuesday per the response given and aboaoltuely nothing has happened and no further communication has transpired.
My hubby & I decided to try a place we had never eaten at before so we pulled into Ruby Tuesdays as we were driving thru. I'll never know how good or bad the food was as we were seated & told our server would be with us in a moment. He must have quit as we were never offered a drink or anything. There were 3 workers at a table chatting & no one ever helped us. Fed up we finally left. As we walked out the girl said in a cheerful voice, have a nice day. Really???? Nice would have been doing your job & feeding me.
Placed an online pickup order for the advertised BBQ chicken salad. Upon arrival, I waited in the entrance for close to 10 minutes before any staff even acknowledged my presence, even though 3 different staff members saw me standing there. The salad was quite small for the price AND there was not a speck of chicken on the salad. Very disappointing. I won't ever return. Service and food were bad
Went there for lunch while on the road. Really enjoyed the endless soup and salad bar. Our waitress was great . We will be back.
Isn't it funny that there has been no response from management?  That says a lot about their commitment to quality and customer service. I would advise no one support this establishment.
Took my father for a nice Father's day lunch on 6/20/21.  We waited for at least 15 minutes before our server even came to get our drink order; at which time he said "guess they snuck you in on me".  There was only 1 other table, (1 person) in the server's area when we were seated and finally placed our order yet we waited over an hour to receive it.  That was only after I asked our server about it.  I know that covid has caused a lot of business' to be short handed so we waited patiently.  Server said he got busy all at once and our order was being prepared.  The other three tables that came in considerably after we placed our order were finishing their meals and leaving.  There was not doubt in my mind that he forgot to turn our order in.  Once we received our order, my father's Asiago Steak & shrimp came with no shrimp and the steak was small and hurriedly cooked.  We arrived just before 2:00pm and didn't get out of there until 4:25pm.  The server then presented me with a $51.83 ticket and said I hope we didn't hold you up today.  No offer to discount or even apologize for what happened.  I never post negative experiences but I just couldn't let this one go. It literally ruin the day for my dad...  I will not return to this location and at this point may not return to any
Went to the Ruby Tuesday in Springfield Mo next to the Drury Inn.. The food was terrible I order a crispy chicken salad and the chicken was burnt there were no crotons and the romaine lettuce was not romaine..We ordered to go..The staff is nice but the food terrible
Worst Ruby Tuesday visit ever!!!Ordered a Michelob  Ultra waitress came back 5 min later saying out of Michelob ultra Ordered Salmon..... again another 5 minutes out of SalmonOrdered a steak ordered med-well came out rare Sent back still rare could not chew itHad to ask for drinks 2xMgr didn't seem to careOffered free burgerAVOID AT ALL COSTS
Our family (mom, aunts and cousins) were on a road trip to Joplin from Michigan, it had been a long 8hr trip before stopping for dinner at your location in Springfield. Upon entering Keaton a young man welcomed us and we told him we were from Michigan he asked us how our trip had been so far, he was so friendly and patient with my elderly Aunt and mom, he joked with them and listened to their stories. They were so happy that a young man would take the time to be so friendly and listen to them, it made their (and our) meal so enjoyable. On the way out he wished us a safe trip and joked some more with us and my mom and aunt asked him if they could give him a hug and he obliged! My mom and Aunt were giggling like school girls and talked the rest of the way to Joplin about how friendly Keaton was and how he made them feel like important people and not just some "old women". In this day and age of people finding reasons to complain or always having a negative to say, I just wanted to take the opportunity to praise such a wonderful young man and to thank him for how special he made 5 women from Michigan feel.
Traveling thru Missouri and delighted to see RT. Not disappointed. We both had the ribs and shrimp. Good ribs and big yummy shrimp. Fantastic salad bar. Service was excellent. Food could have been a tad warmer but still very good.
When I ate here my water glass was never refilled for 1 hr & 15 mins that we were there. I got a alcohol free lemonade and the waitress gave me a drink with alcohol in it and failed to tell me until 10-15mins later. Asked if there was any reason I couldnt have alcohol and I said yes im pregnant! She then says good thing you didnt drink the whole thing. She didnt even apologize or offer to do anything. I will never go back to this restaurant. The food is good. Salad bad is good. But that was a horrible experience and bad service!!!
This was a nice restaurant, and the service was good.The salad bar was excellent, everything on it was exceptionally fresh and flavorful. We arrived at what seemed to be a very busy time for the restaurant, so there was a line for the salad bar and they did seem to be struggling to keep the stock up, but I got everything I wanted.I was trying to be healthy, so I went for the veggie plate and ordered roasted spaghetti squash, mashed cauliflower, and roasted green beans. I wasn't really impressed with the first two items, but the roasted green beans were good. Truth be told, the hamburger and fries entrees of my dinner companions looked much tastier. They said they really enjoyed their food. Everything was presented nicely. Overall the restaurant was a bit more upscale than I expected, but then again this was my first visit to any Ruby Tuesday.
Wyatt and Melissa were most friendly and fast! The food is fresh and tasty! I'll be back, fer sure!!
Literally one of the worst restaurants I have been to in Springfield. Perhaps it's just this specific location, but I have given it two tries in two months and both times were awful.The first time I went I was told that there was a buy one get one free special between 3-5pm M-T. I was with a friend so we both decided to get the Steak and Lobster dinner. I didn't think it was possible to ruin lobster, but it was served cold and half hanging out of the tail. The steak was equally as bad. Both my friend and I agreed it was the worst steak AND lobster we had ever had.Then today I tried it again. Upon entering I was once again told "buy one get one free" by our waitress. Not wanting to try my luck with the lobster or steak again, we both got burgers. They were served at room temperature and were clearly not "hand made 100% beef".When we got our ticket it was for $30~ and didn't have the half off (buy one get one free, remember). Our waitress then informed us that it didn't count with burgers, but didn't bother to tell us that when we ordered... 5 seconds after she told us everything was buy one get one.All in all this is seriously the *worst* restaurant I have ever been to in Springfield... and that's saying a lot. STAY AWAY. Houlihan's is right down the street, about the same price, and a MILLION times better.
Overpriced, subpar food. The salad bar was empty, no plates to get your salad. The wait staff was very slow, and did not seem to have ambition to effectively wait on their customers.
I need to preface this review to say that I have had great experiences dining at Ruby Tuesday restaurants over the  years, but today's experience was really, really poor that I felt compelled to write my first restaurant review. My husband and I decided to use our Ruby Tuesday gift card.  The restaurant was not busy when we arrived a little past noon.  We were seated right away, but it took awhile for the waiter assigned to our booth to take our drink order (water and iced tea).  Then it took even longer to get the drinks.Regarding our food, my husband's meal was fine.  However, the Cole slaw and honey mustard was missing from my chicken tenders meal, which was to be included.  The waiter realized I was missing the items and said he would get them for me, but he never returned.  I waited and waited, but  finally ended up having to go to the salad bar to get the honey mustard dressing.  I also had to get my own set of silverware from the table behind me, as I didn't have any, and had to get the ketchup and extra napkins from the cleaning station located near our booth.The waiter never returned to our table to see if everything was okay or if we needed refills on our drinks.  I finally had to go to the hostess to ask for another glass of water and iced tea.  Last, but not least, I found a hair on my plate that was not visible until the end of my meal (the French fries had covered it).The waiter never returned to give us our bill so we had to track down the hostess to see if she could take our payment for the meal.  Our waiter finally appeared and decided to take care of our payment at that point.  You guessed correctly, we did not leave a tip due to the poor service we received.Needless to say it will be awhile before we go back to that particular Ruby Tuesday.  :-(
My husband and I went to Ruby's mainly for the salad bar and their sandwiches but, to our surprise we were not pleased with the food.  I ordered a cheeseburger with grilled onions and steamed zucchini. The zucchini was good but, my burger was hard and dry, it was like they pulled one from a frozen bag not fresh at all. Our bill was $40 we paid without making a fuss but, called back later to get them information about our experience.  We are still waiting to hear from the general manager.  This so sad, Ruby Tuesday used to be one of our favorite restaurants.
The smell trough out the restaurant is unbearable! Please change the mops and water constantly and use some other solutions to clean your floors. It takes seconds to feel nauseous and that made me change my mind and leave to another place.
Giving this location 2 stars as a benefit of the doubt in a time of post-Covid dining, only because the evening we went for a carryout order, they seemed really short-staffed. The hostess was amazing, and the bartender who took our carryout order was sweet and helpful, but the person who was organizing orders for pickup was clearly having a bad day. Yikes, what a bad experience!! We would NOT return to this location! Along with other patrons whose orders took forever, were messed up, or missing, we waited over 45 minutes for a  terrible overcooked burger, soggy "roasted" zucchini, and a flavorless Southwest chicken bowl. Awful, awful. The majority of both meals went into the trash. Ruby Tuesday is generally a basic, reliable restaurant, so maybe our visit was a fluke? But I am certainly not going back.
I was looking for a carry out burger the afternoon on April 23. At approximately 4:00 I found a website that I thought was Ruby Tuesday on Guilford Rd in Frederick Md. it was the right Ruby Tuesday but it turned out that the website was a company called Postmate. I ordered the food with no problem and paid with a credit card. I immediately got a text on my phone that the food would be ready in 20 minutes. 20 minutes later I arrived at the restaurant and had to call to announce my arrival. I was told that someone would come out to the car(Coronavirus). A young lady came out to the car with a bill. I told her I had already paid and she went back in to check. She came back out and said I hadn't and I then showed her my internet receipt. She said "Oh, Postmate". She went back inside and returned with my burger. I tipped her and drove to the other side of the parking lot. I opened the container and opened my cold bacon cheeseburger. I immediately drove back to the restaurant and called. The young lady came back out and I requested hot food. She went back inside and returned in a couple minutes with the same food.  She told me that the manager said that I would have to deal with Postmate with any problems. I said I just wanted hot food, not a refund. She said that was the manager's answer. I left with the cold food and called the manager the next day when I wasn't too angry To speak civilly and was told that when you order through a third party the third party is responsible. I emailed Ruby Tuesday corporate and have not heard back. Postmate also is not returning emails and does not list a phone number.  I do not understand how a restaurant can refuse to take responsibility for the quality of the food they serve. Very Unhappy. Will never return.
Definitely keeping them in the happy hour rotation. The ruby relaxer is amazing. Feet, beer and drink deals
kyle worked here. best employee they've ever had. quick, considerate, and sweet. nobody can put a plate on the table like he can.
Pros:Friendly and attentive server.Cons:Poor seatingTerrible portionsVery bland tasting foodTight seating.Reccomendation:Skip this location.Where do I start? The only thing good about this visit was our server (Asa) who was very nice and attentive. I came in with my daughter and wife around 5:00pm on a Saturday and the place was relatively empty which should have been a flag.We were seated right away, we were seated at table #85, I know this because they told us so. This table was very small and placed in a corner kind of wedged behind another table, it was very uncomfortable and tight. (Don't allow them to seat you at Table #85).I ordered the Peppercorn and Asiago Steak and our server delivered a Steak and shrimp combination which is not what I wanted but our server apologized and adjusted the price immediately. My steak was cooked nicely.My wife ordered The Salad Bar and a bowl of tomato soup. Her salad dressing (Ranch) had absolutely no flavor, I'm not kidding when I say, NO FLAVOR at all and when her soup came, the bowl was filled only half way. My wife is a sweetheart and wouldn't allow me to say anything. I wish I took a picture.My daughter ordered a pasta dish with chicken and broccoli which had zero sauce on it, it was literally dry pasta with grilled chicken and overcooked broccoli layed on top.What a terrible meal, what happened to Ruby Tuesday's? No wonder so many of them are closing.
I was killing time with a snack and a drink around commuter time. The bartender,Dave, was friendly and efficient. I had their 'Relaxer' and the shrimp fondue. The drink was fine, it was happy hour. The shrimp fondue was runny and too salty to finish. I had the impression that they used leftover shrimp from other days, though I have enjoyed this dish at other Ruby Tuesday's. As I got there at shift change, I closed my tab so I could be sure my bartender received the tip. The incoming bartender, a female, never acknowledged me, nor asked if I needed anything else. One of the rudest people I've ever seen behind the bar. My advice is to go before evening shift change.
Live, walking cockroach in appetizer. Manager apologized and comped drinks,Called health department.
Disappointing food and service!One waitress seats us in another's section and doesn't tell her. She is obviously in deep conversation with another customer. Granted, that is unprofessional. So we wait probably ten minutes before we are acknowledged.I order a chicken dish to include snap peas and sun dried tomatoes. The snap peas lost their snap at least an hour before we arrived the tomatoes were plum tomatoes directly off the salad bar.Where is the management on a Thursday night?
Best ruby tuesdays around. Might be a regular spot. Service is just great. Our waitress recognizes us now. I believe her name is Poppy. We absolutely adore her ! She's great and so is the rest of the staff.
For a Ruby Tuesday's this place was awesome. Steak was just how I asked for it. Great service also.
Probably one of the better chain restaurants.  A little more pricey than Applebees but less salty and the food is healthier.  I like that you can pick two sides rather than getting the usual french fries.  The green beans are tasty.  I also like their attention to detail.  I ordered Chicken Tenders and the ranch dressing was light and tasty.  The tenders themselves were well seasoned.  Their staff is well-trained.  You usually don't notice the staff, but here, you always think to yourself, they're pretty friendly and attentive.
Had lunch here today with my daughter and grandaughter. Great salad bar. Our waitress was fabulous. They were very busy but she kept us informed about our order as well as refilling drinks as necessary. We'll definitely go back.
We dine here quite often.  The food and the service us usually very good.  Five stars.  However, Friday, 15 July 2022, I had the steak and rib combo.  The ribs tasted old and were a bit hard.  The steak was supposed to be a ribeye, according to the menu, but they served me a sirloin.  It was perfectly cooked, but sirloins are tougher than ribeyes and have less fat.  The service was good except she saw I had eaten one bite of steak, one rib, and did not take any with me.  Still get four stars because this has only happened once.  I will come back.
It was very cold inside. Our food took forever, our waiter was flighty. When it came my quesadilla was burnt on the bottom. To be fair the manager was aware of the problem and came over and asked to see it. He gave us a discount on the bill and offered to have another one made. I had already eaten the brisket out of the middle which excellent and did not want another. Will probably not go back.
Since Covid I have been using this location weekly because it's been consistently good. Despite being short staffed and slammed with Grubhub/Doordash orders, we get well prepared food. I only eat inside occasionally, but we haven't encountered any issues other than an extended wait, which we expected under current conditions. Out server still returned to our table and checked on us many times. Our takeout is always hot and neatly packaged to go. Staff have been very friendly. They get our business so often because they give us better service than other local places. As for the food, it is a chain with specific ways of preparing dishes, so you either like their style or not. We do, and this location is way more consistent than the ones in surrounding areas.
Waited twenty minutes to be seated. There were tables open, they were not at full capacity, just no one manning the hostess area. I even tried calling while I was standing there and no one would answer or acknowledge us. Myself and two groups behind me left.
The most uneducated restaurant that I know of in Cadillac. The ribs sucked! Had to have someone make my salad for me ?? Really?? I'm 54 years old!!
This was an absolutely great meal!  Everyone, I ordered 5 different menu plates!  They did a fantastic job!  Thank you so much RT!  Also I ordered to go, and they called me to ask if I could change one item. Love it!  Can't complain about the service, we got it to go!  But they packed everything we could need!
Very dark and cold. Being seated was unorganized and unprofessional. Our server was very nice however the drinks were not good. We got our appetizer and it was practically cold. I had the pasta which tasted like rubber and their broccoli and cheese soup was not great either. Their fajitas were fine however I wouldn't recommend this place what so ever.
We were in Cadillac , Michigan on Sunday. we ordered rib eye with asparagus and sweet potato, it was pretty good. waitress was very nice, and food was delivered promptly. problem was the place was filthy. The wooden booth was grimy & sticky. The carpet was filthy, the seat was dirty, which I asked them to wipe off, and the table had hair on it. over all not great. I would suggest you shut the place down for a day and have a thorough scrubbing of the whole facility.
Salad bar, and updated menu make this a good option in Cadillac. Good service also.
Love their salad bar, quick friendly service and reasonable prices for good food! Right off 131 expressway which is nice when traveling. Gas station with competitive pricing (Meijer) right next door . If your needs a quick $5 wash and wax right next door too! Really convenient stop when rolling down the highway!
It's not bad as long as you don't care how your steak is cooked. I came twin months ago and my steak that I ordered rare came to the table medium well. I just kept quiet and ate it.  My wife works with the wife of the district manager and she told her husband and he gave us a $20.00 coupon.  We tried it today and my steak came to the table the same way. Medium well. This time, I sent it back. They cooked another one and it came back medium well again. I give up! I'm paying too much on dinner to not get what I want. I'm getting a bit tired of it.
The best part of this typical chain restaurant is the salad bar. We go there many times just for that. All the menu selections we have tried have been predictably good.
We really enjoy the menu choices at RT. It's getting more and more difficult to find any. All the ones near us have closed.
0 stars for this restaurant...With the exception of Megan, our server, she was a 10! it was an experience that will never be repeated.  Enter...approx. 5 pm...quiet only a few customers.  We experienced the cluster of "shift change which should be transparent...but we were introduced to 3 ppl, then ended up with our original server...Megan, who couldn't have been more apologetic.So we are thinking salad bar...but when we view it...most everything was nearly empty...when we asked about it...no one seemed too interested in restoking.  I think no one could decide whose job it was...the regional manager is too busy on his phone to guide and direct.   It was dinner time remember.   So we ordered cocktails...good prices...the regular margarita was good...but don't order a second...it was an entirely different tasting and sweet....same bartender.? Sent it back...the second was better but not like the first.  $6.00.So the salad bar gets replenished... that's our choice...no soup!Now my friend starts eating and bites into a metal carton staple...ypu know like the kind from a box of produce...sharp and open pronged...an inch or more long with sharp edges ( it was in her salad bowl....we didnt put it there!!! ) So we call Megan, she is appalled ( my friend did not swollow it thank god)...so she - Megan - says..." we are lucky...the regional manager is there today...she will go get him"...."He" could have cared less, on the phone, made us wait, cannot remember an apology...said he needed to get a report from my friend...left and never returned.. .Megan had my friends salad comped...and we couldnt get out of there fast enough.The place needs a good cleaning, managers who care as much as the staff, attention to details/TLC..and far better customer service.  Judging from the regionals lack of concern and safety for his customers and the appearance and the lack of cleanliness of his restaurant...i assure you "we"... and our local friends will NOT be back...and we have...and will continue to tell our friends..( Ellenton-FL )
Went there yesterday at 3:00pm, one customer waiting and was told 5 min wait because they only had one server. Waited 25 minutes and finally left. This is my 2nd incident with the Ellenton location. The 1st time we went and appeared closed on a Monday with no sign saying closed. I doubt I will ever go there again. They used to be a good restaurant.
Came for lunch with a group of friends on the 1st of June. I hadn't been in quite some time and I do love their salad bar, so I picked this place for us to go have lunch. To all of our surprises, there is no longer a lunch menu. This is quite disappointing as they used to have a great lunch choices and you could add on the salad bar for one or two dollars. Adding the salad bar to any entree is now $6. All of the entrees are also upwards of $20 which I find quite expensive for a place like Ruby Tuesday's. The salad bar was just as good as I remembered, so there were no issues there, but everything else is very mediocre. It also took us almost 30 minutes to get our check, which was quite frustrating. I do not think I will return anytime soon.
Kind of disappointed but with not coming to a Ruby Tuesdays in a long time, maybe it's the norm.  Bottom line, they are short staffed.  Our server was complaining because she had to drive in from Mt Dora.  Not sure what was going on.  A large party of 8 who were elderly, left, and were very upset.  My party sat in the bar so we could accommodate the staff.  It was weird as I don't like to feel uncomfortable but it was just that.  Food is so-so, just ordinary.  I realize we're still hurting from the pandemic but pick it up or shut it down!
I was sooooo excited about ruby Tuesday and I was soooooo disappointed! The hostess was not there and when another lady came over she was rude as hell! And the food wasn't that great. There was a lady who was sweeping the floor and she was the sweetest lady every. Now we understand why they are closing down across the country. We shall never go back.
Had a bad experience today unfortunately!It took forever for a waiter to come and take our drink order - once they finally showed up, they didn't bring out all the drinks - we waited for a lemonade for quite a while. Then we had to wait again to place the food order. The food got out very slow and the taste wasn't that great. My kid loves pasta and she didn't like hers. They did apologize at the end - but it was a bad experience overall! The restaurant was almost empty and many servers were present - so not sure why it took them so long. I saw a few standing around, one even on her phone, having a private conversation (in the middle of the restaurant - she didn't even care to go somewhere, where she can't be seen) We will not be back!
Drove 2 hours just for a little sign on host table inside saying "closing at 8pm" .. when website and doors say closing at 10pm .
Food was inedible. Ordered their "fall off the bone" ribs and they were tough as can be. The chips for the nachos were burnt and the whole plate was dry. Overall not a pleasant experience. The  cups sat empty and food took almost an hour. Steaks were ordered medium and came out more than well done. Not what I expected with the restaurant almost half empty on a Thursday evening. We explained our complaints to the server but nothing was fixed.
Things have changed since we are getting back to normal after the virus. Food is still good but prices have gone up. In February 2022 the salad bar in now $12.95. Also they are having staffing problems as we had to wait 45 minutes for a table at 5 pm when there were several empty tables. We asked why and were told they have not enough staff.
Uaually i have nothing bad to say about my service at places because i used to be a waitress too. but, i went there with a friend and two small children (ages 3 and 5). first thing, no color crayons for the kids. The little girl had to ask our waitress for them. Then we order our drinks and she brings the children large adult cups. where the smaller one spilt everywhere.. and again we had to ask for two small childrens cups. At the end we ask for our boxes and bags, and the waitress puts her hands around my cup to get her fingers wet to open the bag! NOT GOOD! the food was ok but the service will make me not return here again...
It might have been the day, but the food was outstanding.Atmosphere    80    (typical R.T. layout)Service             80    (a franchise hallmark -always well trained)Food                 85    ( a 90 considering it is a franchise)Value                85    (always a fair bargin)The ribs,  made in one of three ways, are always outstanding.  Asian style is very reministent of Roy's and forget Sonny's.
This is a chain, but this location is run very well.  All the food was very good.  The spaghetti squash is great if you like squash.  Salad bar selections seem to be parred down a little, but there are some nice items on it, e.g. crumbled blue cheese, endamame.  Very good value for the money.
Average all around. I will say I was happy to see they added sweet potato fries to the menu.
So my family and I were shopping out at the Ellenton Prime Outlet yesterday and we usually dine at Ruby Tuesdays afterward. We come to find that Ruby Tuesdays has been TRANSFORMED from just a regular American place that has decent food, to pretty menus, comfortable booths, and new meals on the menu that taste great. The only downfall to this whole thing is that prices were forced to go up for this new renovation. It's OK though! You can order two mini-burgers with fries and a salad bar for only $8.99, and not feel so bad for splurging on the greasy food when you have all that healthy and yummy salad to eat. Word of advice: Stay away from the Avocado Ranch sauce.The waitress was very nice, the only complaint I have about her was that she didn't refill my drink once I finished it (which was roughly towards when we were paying the bill), though I argue that it is the MOST crucial moment of waiting to secure your tip by putting a finishing touch on someones experience anywhere. Of course, that was her only flaw, so she still received a generous tip.
even though ruby tuesday definitely falls into the entire TGIFriday's/Chili's/Red Robin "let's overdecorate the interior with americana and serve burgers" category, it manages to stand out just finethe burgers are big and juicy, as expected, and the fries are starchy crisp, following the new fad of "let's keep the fries crispy even when they're cold" that burger king started back when nicolas cage was in the prime of his acting career.the chicken, regardless of how you get it, is well seasoned and moist throughout. it's best exemplified in one of their commercials:youtube.com/watch?v=D7t9...so even if you've seen the movie "waiting...," don't be afraid to walk into ruby tuesday after a long day of shopping at the outlets nearby, it looks like a cookie-cutter restaurant but is solid.
This place was a big disappointment.  I was there the night of Sunday, July 10th.They were out of brisket and fries.  Who runs out of fries?????  Half the menu was based off brisket and fries.  No silverware for my salad.  I watched the lettuce turn brown before a nice person next to me, gave me their un used set.No one looked like they were in charge at this place.  Corporate should take over this location and clean house. Good luck.
Last restaurant on this street we hadn't been to, next door to Cracker Barrel. We came here previously on Fri night and was 45 min wait tonight it was immediate seating. Once you are inside dining area see there are quite a lot of tables. Ruby's has a stand alone salad bar that they offer for $11.99 by itself. I can tell you it isn't worth that price for the choices. Another option is add to entree for $4.99, this is better deal. My draft Blue Moon beer ordered tasted "old" and waitress replaced w Miller Lite bottle even though I said Mich Ultra. Little things like this bring ratings down IMO. Our food was decent although did take a while to be made. The Texcado which is just folded pita bread w cheese, oil, and chicken was good for $8.99. My wife has something w chicken said was good and her Hard Lemonade was strong. All this for $40, 35 if I hadn't added the salad. Overall pretty good meal.
The food was just okay. The wait to take our order was lengthy. Our sever was nice . The food was fresh. Glad we stopped.
Ordered a hamburger with cheese and bacon to go. One of the worst burgers I've ever had. The burger was so overcooked. It was dry and crusty on the edges. There was one  slice of tomato that was the size of a Roma tomato slice a tablespoon of shredded lettuce. No onion (which is listed as part of the burger) no Mayo no mustard. HORRIBLE. I won't go back. I gave this restaurant a one star because it wouldn't let me post until I rated it. Too bad there aren't half stars.
Food was good. Service was the worst I ever had. DO NOT GO THERE!  The waiter was pleasant but that's all I'll give him. I wanted to leave him a tip but I just could not justify it. The rest of my party would have had my hide if I had. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
The waitress was very pleasant, and the dining room was reasonably clean.  I ordered the salmon and two sides.  They were out of broccoli so i ordered two sides of zucchini.  My dinner shows up and it is a smaller piece of salmon and like 9 pieces of zucchini.  The food tasted great but there was not enough of it.  If it was a $12 plate I would not be disappointed.  This meal was $24 out the door.Not worth it.
Waited 10 minutes to be seated and no one came. One person that worked there saw us then turned around and went then other way. Other customers advised that we should go somewhere else. They waited 30 minutes on their food and it never came.
Not a fantastic start for this establishment. To begin, we waited forever to even get recognized when entering the building. A bell would be a good start to get some decent service. The lady that sat us was friendly. Upon ordering our food, our waiter was too busy looking around to listen to our order - and no. He did not write it down. So when our food came out overcooked and incorrect, to say I'm not surprised is an understatement. Spinach and Artichoke dip app: good luck. Came out 2 minutes before our food did. Steak: overcooked. Rice: overcooked. Chicken dinner: the entirely wrong one. It's a good thing I don't have a mushroom allergy. Instead of getting the Chicken Fresco like I asked for, I got the Chicken Asiago. Which has mushrooms. A drink refill? Good luck. Our waiter was more worried about serving the other table instead of us. The same people who walked in 10 minutes after us got their food 15 minutes before we did. And we placed our order first. To say I'm not impressed is an understatement. We won't be back. I'm sincerely disappointed. They have such great potential here but lack the staff capable of making it such.
Food was average at best, no draft beer at all.   Bar area is closed off.   Our waitress was outstanding, very funny and engaging.   Nothing special, but there was no other option in my over night while traveling.
First time at this location. We are from Florida and frequent Ruby T's as one of our favorite lunch and dinner spots. We will never go back to this one in Florence SC. The salad bar was unkept, sloppy, spring mix was old, several empty spots that were not being filled with salad bar items. It was going to be my main meal because as a vegan, nothing on the menu accommodated my diet.  The other person in my party was happy ordering a burger.  When I asked if the chef could make me a pasta dish with a few veggies he told me they were out of broccoli. He told me they could not use the zucchini either.  I felt sorry for our waiter because it was not his fault.  We decided to leave. But the night had a good ending - We had an amazing meal at the Olive Garden and enjoyed the rest of our evening.  Ruby T needs to seriously rethink how they run their kitchen and staff.  We should have looked at the reviews. The parking lot was empty at dinner time. Wonder why???
Great service, salad bar is on par with the staff. Clean fun place with nice TVs at a spacey bar.
Mediocre at best! We needed a place to stop and eat on our way to Florida and this was the only place that did not have a two hour wait. When we called, we were told that the wait time was only ten minutes and ended up waiting nearly thirty. We have been to countless Ruby Tuesday's and have always ordered there fresh Guacamole as we did once again today. To our surprise, when it came out, it looked as if it was sitting out for a while and was brown. The salsa that came with it was dry as well. We ended up sending it back and asked for them to bring out a fresh one. Unfortunately, once we got the new order, it came out looking worse than the first. Clearly they have fresh avocados since we ordered another appetizer, which was served with fresh diced avocados. The presentation of our entrees lacked effort. We concluded our meal by ordering two deserts. The Double Chocolate Cake, which came out fairly good and the New York Cheesecake that was a total disappointment. Not only was it still frozen at the center, but it also came out naked and berry-less. Not to mention we waited over twenty minutes for it. The decor and overall cleanliness of the restaurant has seen better days. Walking in, the salad bar was a complete mess. We avoided eating anything from it, you should too! The chairs were falling apart and the upholstery was feeling a bit under the weather. Lastly, I have no words to describe the bathrooms. Just make sure to use a bathroom elsewhere before coming here. If you do happen to be forced to use their bathrooms.......good luck!
Spoiler Alert:  I liked this place just fine!Sometimes I wonder if restaurants like this aren't just an upscale version of the fast food I used to be so fond of, especially when driving cross-country?  Who knows?...but I'm glad we stopped here on our way to Florida.  I'd just had a LONG week of teaching 7th graders, and drove here after beating the buses out of the parking lot to start our holiday break.  We'd wanted something we could walk to from the motel, so it was either this or the Cracker Barrel.I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised.  Our waitress (Elizabeth B) was right THERE when we needed her, without being *perky.*  Okay, sometimes being *perky* is an asset, but reread paragraph 2 to understand why this was not that moment.  I think she must have been empathic, as she ensured that my Absolut martini was, in fact, extra dry, as requested.  The cook was right on, too.  His rendition of the "French Quarter Gumbo" was as good as I've had in this type of restaurant.  It was bold and flavorful, without relying on an overdose of spices.  The chicken was tender and not dry; the shrimp were plentiful, and actually tasted fresh!  Best of all, I believe they used real andouille sausage.  My wife had the salad bar, so three isn't much to comment on other than what needed to be crisp was, and the rest was not... as it should be!Suffice to say that the next time we pass through Florence, we'll go out of our way (if we need to) to revisit this establishment.
Grilled salmon was excellent.   Crab cake and rice pilaf was good.   Mac and cheese along with mashed potatoes were tasty.  Fresh and varied salad bar.   Easy to find location off i95 and among a strip of hotels. Quick service was what we asked for and got. Well maintained restrooms.
On our way south we stopped over in Florence and finding our hotel on the west side of 95 decided to try the Ruby Tuesday rather than the restaurant we had discovered on an earlier trip.  Our waitress, named after one of the four seasons, was very nice if a tad impatient as my wife was taking her time moving through the menu; so we ordered a couple of drinks to buy time.  My wife finally settled on a fish group that featured a crab cake, lobster, and sweet potato fries.  Her choice surprised me as she is a bit of a foodie when it comes to seafood and I did not believe Ruby Tuesday was up to her expectations and unfortunately was proved correct as her crab cake was heavily breaded and by her accounts tasteless.  The sweet potato fries had a more of an out of the bag and baked texture to them and also proved a disappointment. The drink, however, featuring pear vodka and an infusion of lavender tea was good and she had a second. My fish order featured tilapia, salmon, and shrimp all of which were indistinguishable from one another excepting the shrimp had tails.  I believe these entrees came from the chef inspired menu.  Which chef was not specified.   The diner did offer a trip to the salad bar which was the highlight of the meal.  Ruby Tuesday does offer a wide selection of items with which to build a decent salad.  Overall the experience suggested we should have ordered hamburgers.
I've been to one other Ruby Tuesday, and I feel like this one was more upscale on their decor, and service. i was impressed by the service, really prompt and professional. The food was really good, but one of my party didn't care for their hamburger bun. I had the turkey sliders, and really love them. Didn't care for the pickle though, next time I'll have to remember to omit because even after you pull it off, it leaves a cucumber taste on the burger. The salad bar was very well kept, fresh, and lots to choose from. It's a bit pricey, but the service, food and atmosphere is worth it.
Had just turned off of I 95 for my days work in the area about lunchtime, and went to this local Ruby Tuesdays mainly because I had a 25% discount coupon.I had the chicken parmesan pasta with a garden salad.  Plate was served piping hot with a covering of melted cheese.  I've had the dish at other locations and while the taste was fine, I've seen better presentations of this.Server was pleasant and happily accepted the discount coupon.
We went to Ruby Tuesday for supper on our way to Florida and came here because we had stopped into another Ruby Tuesday several hours earlier to use their washroom.  The other one looked amazing and I wanted to have the salad bar so we stopped at this one.Unfortunately at this particular location, we sat for 10 minutes until I had to flag someone down for service. She found a waitress for us but we never got an apology for being forgotten about. Then halfway through my husband's meal, she asked us if we wanted dessert and when we said no, she brought us the check. Again while my husband was still eating, she came again to ask if we were ready to pay. We had only been eating for about 10 minutes and already felt rushed!Anyway, the food quality of the salad bar was great. The entrees were okay, but the service sucked!
Stopped on our way back home from Florida. Food was tasty, staff was friendly and restrooms were clean. If you need a place to stop off 95 this is a good bet.
Ruby Tuesday, a restaurant chain with standard American fare, a very good salad bar (very nice if you're on a restricted diet) and a variety of adult beverages (which I didn't know prior to tonight). It's relatively inexpensive for the menu. The difference in this Ruby Tuesday? The service. Very, very good; prompt, effective service. I'd recommend for anyone traveling through Florence, which frankly isn't the world's most desirable location.
Food is alright. The salad bar is great. I like the Alfredo noodles here. The customer service wasn't so great..
As always ruby Tuesday food and service is in need of help. Had shrimp scampi. Pasta was cold shrimp was mixed with some fresh cooked and some left over over cooked ones. No scampi sauce anywhere. No server to complain to. No manager around to greeting guests.
They had us waiting for 15 minutes for a host and they gave us unsweetened tea when I've ask them to give me sweet tea
Nastiest food I've ever had, pasta looked like it came out a bag...there was no pasta sauce with the pasta, the place was dirty and it didn't smell very well. Waitress was all over the food, felt very unsanitary
I was trying to call them to place a to-go order and they didnt answer. About 50 min before closing time still and so i found a way to place an order online and so i did. When i arrived at within the time frame (about 2min before they close) mentioned and wasn't even greeted. There was no customer and I've seen they were already cleaning. I told them i have a to-go order and they said that my order was something they out of. I asked why wasn't I  notified. They replied that they dont have a way of letting me know. Fine, let say that's true. They weren't even apathetic about it, wasn't offered a solution and did no5 apologized for the inconvenience. I ended up with a fast food birthday meal and went back to work.
DO NOT DELIVER FROM HERE. Ordered a chicken caesar salad and the dressing was poured on lettuce already and it was like soup. TERRIBLE
I paid $70 SEVENTY DOLLARS for THIS!! My wife's 6oz medium rare steak is 5.2 oz and very rare. I'm missing an entire side.
Never coming here again. When you walk in there is this weird smell. When you walk to your table the floors feel sticky and the booths are dirty every time. They seem to never have enough staff around so you wait awhile till you get a drink order. Oh and your food will most likely be wrong. Don't recommend this place.
Such tasty food for each of our party of three-pasta, fish and chicken PLUS artichoke dip leading it off!  Cannot say what a pleasure the salad bar is too. Thank goodness they continue to serve it up in a world of puny or lost salad bars!  Wonderful waitstaff so friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. Almost forgot to mention the margaritas... started us off very nicely on the journey- thank you Ruby Tuesday!
This location is terrible, the hostess very rude to start off and hey everyone has a bad day so I let it slide. Our waitress was really nice but not waitress material. We waited for 15 minutes for drinks which were not correct when we got them. The bathrooms were disgusting! The salad bar was a disaster. The food was over cooked and tasted terrible. Way over priced for what you get! Definitely don't go to this location.
Awesome Salad bar!! Worth coming just for that. The salad bar is open and self serving despite COVID. You just have to wear one glove. I also ordered wings for lunch with a sweet tea. It's what I wanted and expected. Our server was friendly and training a new girl. Overall great experience and I recommend it Of note, I came here for a work lunch with 9 others .
Ok the menu has changed a little since I have been there. And there is more variety then before. I have been in several time and they have a little something different past there normal menu most  of the time. I suppose it is a out frequency. During the day it seems too dark in there for me. During the evening the lighting is good. The decor needs an update in my opinion. Otherwise the place is very normal and plain looking. Food... my wife and I had the chicken fajitas. My chicken had some burn spots on it that I couldn't chew through. It was just a little bit but that sticks in your mind, you know. It tasted good and the vegetables were cooked well. We also got the salid bar. Their salad bar is great. I think it is probably the best in town. Service.. our server was quiet. And she did not come around much. Not that we really needed anything. She visited our table four times and one of those was to give us the check. Last but not least, price.... We ate for under 40 dollars that was including the tip.(2 people one ordering water the other a tea) I would say the menus has both pricey items and less pricey items. If you where on a budget, just watch what you order. If not, they have something for you too.
The salad bar was fresh and full of goodies! I plan on coming back purely for the salad bar! I ordered crispy chicken sliders, they were ok. French fries were great. Fajitas looked amazing. Service was alright, drinks got a little low a few times but for the most part it was good. Great dessert and coffee!
I got the salad bar and there wasn't anything special about it. The serving utensils were sticky and oily and i could only wonder what was all over them, when they were last washed and how many people have put their hands on them since.  The pastas at the salad bar looked a little stale and everything contained bacon. Broccoli salad with bacon, potato salad with bacon, pasta salad with bacon. I also got the steamed broccoli with my dinner and it was steamed too much and a little burnt.  My mother got their artisan flat bread pizza and the thing was just loaded down with salt and tons of oil. The bread was supposed to be thin crust (crunchy) and was soggy. Our waitress was good but this place just grossed me out and i will not be returning.
I usually love RT but I have gone to this one twice once last week and once this week for lunch and both times it has been bad.  First off there is a foul smell that you can't get past throughout the restaurant.  Last week I ordered steak it was over cooked, the biscuits looked like someone had taken a bite out of one of them when the server finally came around she could care less.  Today I got the salad bar and then the lettuce wraps, the service was better today the girl was great but the food wasn't much better.  I should have gone to McDonalds.
Seems like every time I turn around and we have a guy leaving they want to go to Ruby Tuesday for their going away party.  Which to be honest is always nice.  If you go during lunch you could have a pretty long wait because a lot of people go here during lunch.  If you come here with a big group make sure you have enough time.  You will be taken great care of.  On top of the great service all of the food is delicious no matter what you get.  I recommend any of the burgers and the spaghetti squash marinara.
Had a great time. Had the shrimp fondue dip which was fantastic!! I wish I could of made a meal out of that. I had a blackberry dacqueri which was delish very tart. My only complaint was that it had an over abundance of actual fruit and  seeds. It was more of a smoothie consistency IMO. I had a burger. I can't remember which one but it was a bit underwhelming for 12$.The best part of the mean was our waiter. A very fast talking youngish black guy. He was a great server. The decor is really nice as well. A big step up over other sit down places. I'll def be back
I've been here a few times and always had a good experience. Maybe I've been getting lucky because it seems I always rate places higher than others. Service has been good every time I've been here. Drinks were refilled in a timely manner and food came out as quick as you would expect it. I really like the salad bar. You can pile on everything that you might want to have on a salad. The last time I was here, I ordered a burger, which was also delicious. I really have no complaints about this restaurant.
Went to eat here on a whim at around 4pm. Food was pretty good but nothing great, although all the lettuce on the salad bar was wilted. The service was good. I was disappointed that I was told the draft of the day beer was blue-moon, which is my favorite. After ordering and informing our server that it was my favorite draft, the server informed us that the manager said he made a mistake and we would hav to pay the full price. WTF!!! No big deal as the price cut for draft of the day was only 25 cents a beer, but a manager should pony up to his mistakes. "not cool" We inquired about the military discount and were informed that we had to go on-line print a coupon or get a number and submit to the store for the discount. The waitor was clueless as how to do this and I still haven't figured it out. We will never eat at this restaraunt again, although as crowded as they were getting before we left, I am sure they don't need our business. The one located near exit#11 in the city has a better more friendly and helpful atmosphere.
First my server is missing in action after I'm seated. Then she wanders in, takes a glance at me, and dawdles around for a few minutes while others half-apologize for my wait as they hurry by. Then she insists on calling me sweetie like a dozen times in a sickly sweet voice with a smirk on her face as if to make up for it. I don't like it and grow increasingly annoyed. Food is adequate, but who cares when the service sucks?
Well, I will start this review by saying that I have told my husband that we would NEVER go back to this location.  We went a few months ago with a b1g1f coupon and got a hassle from the waitress about it.  The place is usually crowded because there isn't another sit-down restaurant nearby.  I decided to give it one last try last week. I had received a coupon in my email for a free burger for my birthday.  I got there around 5:45 and the restaurant was pretty full.  I became worried because the plan was for me to get the burger and bring it back home.  I was sent to the bar to place my order- upon asking- I was told it would be 15 min, probably less to get it.  30 plus minutes later- it came out.  It was cold by the time I got home, which really made me believe it had been sitting for a while when they brought it to me.  The BBQ burger was overdone (I  had asked for medium) and the fries were a soggy &  tasteless mess.  Thank goodness I didn't pay for it (which is the only reason why this isn't a 1 star review).  Do I plan to come back- not really.  The people there seemed nice, but the food is just not my favorite.
I've been to this restaurant three times.  Twice was to dine and the other time we just stopped in for drinks.  The last time I went was for a lunch with my co workers.  The food is okay.  I had the Collosal burger (I think).  It is a BIG burger.  We did have to wait quite a while for our food but I thought it might have been because there were six of us.Only other thing I would suggest is to bring a fly swatter.  The people at a table next to us had finished their meal and left.  The whole time we were there that table was never cleaned off.  As a result there were flies buzzing around the room.  It was disgusting.  You might want to check their score from the Health Department.
My daughter and I love this restaurant. The food is good and hot, and the service is great. The only negative is that the temperature is so cold my daughter can not get totally comfortable.
Avoid at all costs. Went in on a Monday. Maybe 8-10 tables occupied in the entire restaurant. Waited 5 minutes for anyone to help us, only to be told we would have a 5-10 minute wait for a table. In a nearly EMPTY restaurant. Clearly they don't want, need or desire my business, and most likely not yours either. Will never return.
Waiters were short staffed did not get food out in a good time took way too long never got refills
Lovely staff at this Ruby Tuesday. Our waitress Cory was friendly, attentive, and deserves 10 stars for getting me croutons when they didn't come with my salad. The glazed honey salmon salad bowl was perfect amount for dinner. Delicious too.
While walking on the strip in Branson Missouri, the wife and I stopped for some food and drinks. Thought we would make this stop an early dinner before going to a show and seeing all of the cool tourist traps in the area. First things first. Yes, the waitress was new and I believe her inattentiveness was because she was new, so, I'll give her a break on that. Also, I saw most of the draft beers were out because cups covered the taps and since I spend a lot of time in bars, I know that that means. We were there at about 2 or 3 in the afternoon, so the restaurant had been open for a while before we arrived. We ordered the salad bar and the steak and rib combo. After I got the salad, I ordered a beer from one of the uncovered taps. Well, after about 30 minutes of waiting for the beer, the waitress finally realized that she hadn't got it for me yet. Well, the tap blew and it was empty. A woman, not the manager, but talked like one came to the table. Offered me a bottle of the beer and would "adjust" my tab to the new price. Then she said that the ribs were not done and would not be done for about another hour.  I told her I didn't want the bottle beer and I didn't want meal any longer.   She did us a "favor" by only charging us for the salads and soda (the only items we actually got in the hour we spent waiting.We walked to another restaurant in the area and had a great meal. My only advice if you want to eat at this place is to ask 8fntheir issues have been resolved and if they actually have the food you want. Other than that, not much else you can do. Definitely a two star restaurant. I cannot recommend this place, especially if you have time constraints.
Hubby & I arrived at 10:30pm after our show for a snack. We were seated and immediately a server took our drink order. I had the Refresher cocktail that is a special $6 drink on Fri & Sat. The drink arrived quickly and was very good.A short time later the wait person took our order of a steak Tacodilla and a piece of carrot cake. After about 30 min (it's now 11pm, closing time), when people who came after us have ordered and received their food our wait person comes by and says our order "ran off the bottom of the screen and was forgotten" so she takes our order again. Another 30 minutes goes by, now 11:30, still no food, so we left $6 on the table for the drink and left.Two stars for quick service at first and the drink was tasty, especially for $6. Don't know about the food as we never got any.
Been a very long time since I have been to  one of these as they are no longer in my area. When I saw there was one near our hotel I knew me and my family had to come here. We were seated right away and greeted by our waitress shortly after. The main Tai I ordered was great and when I ordered the waitress asked if I wanted a large one to which I said yes. Our food was as wonderful as I remember.  Our server was very attentive and took great care of us.
It's okay, it was my first time being there. My husband and I went after we got tattoos; the lady who took us to our table didn't bring menus, but the staff was super nice. The food was alright. Not my favorite.
Ruby Tuesday in Springfield usually good. This one in Branson was the most disgusting food I have had. Had to send steak back for being burnt. Second one was tougher than shoe leather. New Orleans tilapia and shrimp was gross. Shrimp so small needed a magnifying glass to see it. Will NEVER eat there again!
Awful food, rude waitress, and messed up our entire order. Will never be back. Can go to McDonalds for better service.
We usually like Ruby Tuesday really well, but this was a really disappointing experience at this restaurant.  We ordered the garden bar for our meal.  The lettuce was kinda slimy and some of it was brown.  The server was friendly but really rushes and there weren't all that many people there.  The only good part was the pretzel appetizer but nothing out of the ordinary.  Other Ruby Tuesday restaurants are much better.
Loved their salad bar! And their soups were very tasty as well. Went in around 9:30 and took a couple mins for someone to come seat us. Waitress came after we were sitting a few mins(5-10), but she also had a big group (8-10 ppl) she was taking care of. Got our drink orders, then we also got our food ordered right away seeing we wanted the salad bar/soup. Went up & fixed our salads with all the different choices. When we got back to the table waitress came right behind us with our cheese biscuit. We had almost finished our salad when our soups came out. Both were hot and yummy.We also ordered their special cocktails listed in their menu, little did we know how much those would cost...$8!?! Almost as much as our food! They were good, but I thought the price was too high.
Spent 100.00.  Worst service ever.  Go to Applebee's!!! Stuff in drinks.  Let us wait with no server around... Served half our party, then 20 minutes later kitchen served other half.
I have to downgrade my ranking for Ruby Tuesdays because the brunch and service were awful. I got the crispy chicken Benedict and was a very disappointed. It was a chicken strip on a bun with dried up "cheesy scrambled eggs" on top. The potatoes were salty and the mimosas weak. The worst part was the that the server was sweating profusely and kept touching my friend. YUCK! The drinks were terribly presented with pulp all over the glass and juice around the stem. It's not like these beverages were poured in a hurry and delivered to our table in haste. We had to wait a while for these babies. We sent them back for a stronger version, and the glasses looked worse the second time. The whole experience was terrible in comparison to my first time here. Don't think I'll be back. Should have gone to Denny's like we had planned. Oops.
Consistently follows the Ruby Tuesday's formula, it is exactly the same as every other one I have ever been to, right down to the semi-crunchy pumpernickel croutons on the salad bar.Massive selection of burgers on the high-gloss menus, but I opted to go with the petite filet mignon today. It arrived with broccoli and mashed potatoes that did not taste like they were out of a packet.I really like Ruby's for the salad bar, which I think hasn't changed in ten years. It's the same stuff at every one of their restaurants.It's casual dining with a very full selection at the bar. Would I come here again? Sure. Consistency is nice sometimes. I can't find a thing wrong to say about the place, but it's just not a "five stars" restaurant.
Arrived for dinner on a rainy Monday evening around 7 PM.  Only a very few tables were occupied.  We were seated promptly in an area with two other occupied tables and were then promptly abandoned.  The guests at the other tables were overhead complaining to themselves about how long it took to even get something to drink, and they were impatiently awaiting for their food.  When it arrived, two orders were wrong.  All the while this was going on, we sat in the next booth completely ignored.  Two servers, a busy boy, the restaurant manager, and I believe an assistant manager walked past our booth without so much as even acknowledging our existence.  After waiting exactly nine (9) minutes without being offered so much as a glass of water to drink, we stood up and walked out.  We walked right past the "hostess" who seated us.  She thanked us and told us to have nice evenning, obviously oblivious to her surroundings and what had just occurred.  On the way out the door, I told her we were leaving because we couldn't get waited on and she just shrugged her shoulders.An inexcusable and disgraceful lack of customer service.  NEVER AGAIN.
Traveling and stayed 2 nights in Dickson. Salad bar was clean and delicious. Angie, the bartender, was awesome. We came back the 2nd day just because of her. She was friendly but not over the top. Angie was knowledgeable about the menu and drinks and she was very attentive. Thank you Angela for our great dining experiences. From Memphis and Nashville mom & daughter.
Really? Every picture, but 2,  is from the business owner? That tells me to not even try. Good grief.
I came here one evening for a night cap. The lady at the bar was nice and the drink was decent. The place is just not very appealing to me, maybe to some, but for me, I find it gross, sticky and outdated.Their food selection isn't what I prefer either. In fact, I wanted dessert, but all they had were heavy, big desserts.Any way, I might stop in for a drink, but that's about it.
We were excited to try this place as we have seen many advertisements but never had one close enough to go to.  Since we were traveling we thought we would try them.Server was good.  Food was okay.We asked our server for the 2 for $22 menu but since we were there on a Tuesday they were not running the 2 for $22 menu as they had a special on all burgers and chicken sandwiches were $5.    You would think they would still use that menu as I am sure there are other things than burgers on it.I ordered a Honey Crunch Chicken and my husband got the Bacon Cheeseburger.   For them not being very busy it took a while for our food to arrive.  But when it did, the tater tots were hot but my chicken sandwich was overcooked and a little dry.   Asked for more honey mustard so I could get a little moisture into it.  The Bacon Cheeseburger was just that.  Bacon, cheese and meat.  Nothing special. Then when the bill arrived, my chicken sandwich was not on special as the server had said and the bacon cheese burger was rang in as a double cheese at $7.    If the server knew these were going to be more than the $5 she said, she should have mentioned that when she took the order.   It is always best to be upfront with your customers than to hide things from them.Anyhow, we paid the bill and got back on the road.Will we be back?  Probably to try it again.  They did have a salad bar that looked pretty good.  You don't see them very often so it would be a nice change.
Unless you are going for the salad bar it's hit or miss how your food and/or service will be. I've given this place chance after chance after chance over the years and have been disappointed more times than pleased with the experience.
There are a lot of good restaurant choices in Dickson and this was not one.  Not bad, but had the potential to be horrific!Easy to get to, lots of parking and staff was very friendly!  Outside, the building was clean, well landscaped and welcoming.  If we stopped there, a true 4 or 5 star experience. As we were escorted to our table, there must have been 7 or 8 un-bussed tables in the area we were placed. We were visited quickly by the waitstaff and drinks were on the table quickly. We both visited the restrooms, another bad idea as both Women's and Men were filthy! Staff were almost all wearing the masks under their chin.  (At least their chins were not potentially spreading COVID.)I ordered a side salad (trip to salad bar) and the bacon bourbon burger.  The salad bar had some COVID rules, but none of the customers followed (sanitize hands, wear gloves and mask).  The salad bar was kind of messy and not well maintained.  The ingredients and options were decent and I made a mountain of salad my doctor would have been please to know I ate (less all the cheese, salad dressing and bacon).  The burger was out quickly and although tasty, the meat was a little more on the very rare side. I might have heard a "Mooo" and tail swish on the first bite.As we had a chance to look around more, we noticed how the staff just wasn't cleaning up floors or tables. We opted to leave and go elsewhere for dessert.
This is one of the dirtiest restaurants I've eaten at this year. Our waiter wore his mask under his chin, brushed his fingers under his nose (and didn't wash his hands). Salad bar plates were iffy, restaurant floor was sticky, and a glimpse of the kitchen floor was really scary. Margaritas were ghastly. Food pretty greasy. The salad bar was OK. I'd opt for other options in Dickson.
I travel here regularly for work and I have had mixed feelings about coming here due to some of the reviews I read, however I decided to give it a try tonight. I had great service, quick and my food was great! The only thing that could have been better was my loaded mashed potatoes. I knew from the minute she brought them there would be an issue. They use super cold butter on top along with the cold sour cream I knew I needed to remove the butter before it made the potatoes cold. I had the bacon bourbon sirloin loaded mashed and rice. Everything was amazing!
disappointed to go to this restaurant, the terrible attention had an unpleasant smelljust ordering some drinks since we were there
I hate to see Ruby Tuesdays so downhill. I use to love their burgers and they're salad bar was always my favorite. The past year though, every RT I have gone in has been a let down. This particular location had a decent salad bar but the waitress was pretty poor on her job and the steak that my fiance ordered was so gross he literally put ketchup on it to eat it. WOW
We came here for Mother's Day; a change of pace and something different. For our party of three we had about a five minute wait; no big deal and pretty awesome for how busy they were. The salad bar was awesome as usual. My husband and Mother-in-Law had the hickory glazed salmon, and the few bites I had were delicious; cooked to perfection with a little bit of a kick. My ribeye was ordered medium rare and came to the table well done. Very well done. I informed our waitress that it was too overcooked and she looked at it like I was color blind...and immune to the fact my steak looked like a package of gas station beef jerky...and it was paper thin.Ten or so minutes later, a new steak arrived: Medium Rare, juicy, incredible, and completely satisfied my steak craving. Yum. Well worth sending it back.
We came here last Saturday night, and we had a slight wait. We only waited 10 minutes before we were seated. The waitress was adequate but not the best. I ordered the baked ravioli. It was not that impressive. The sauce did not have much taste, and the spinach was bunched together in the center of the plate. I've been more impressed with my previous dining experiences.
We dined here on a Saturday night, which can be busy. Tonight was no exception, however the wait was only about 5 minutes. The wait staff was excellent, especially Shammon (?sp) & Kelly. And the food? I had a new item, Chicken Bella, which was sooo  delicious. My friend ordered the New York Strip steak, which was cooked to perfection.Definitely recommend this restaurant regardless the day of the week.
Very unpleasant experience, will never come back to this town to stay during my vacation ever again. 10/10 do not recommend. Waitress was fabulous, the others were completely out of line, and condescending. Waitress had to "go get fries" from walmart down the road because they were running out.
Hostess lied to us. Told us it would be a 15-20 minute wait. Then after waiting 20 minutes when we asked how long the wait would be we were told the kitchen was backed up and they couldn't tell us how long the wait would be. This on a night when there were less than 10 tables occupied when we came in. We understand that these things happen but don't lie to your customers.
The server was spectacular, though significantly over worked. She took orders, served food and drinks, bussed tables while sanitizing, checking her sections(obviously understaffed) and got groups bills while attending multiple tables in an entire giant section. 5 stars to her!!The food sucked. The management and general cleanliness was terrible. My soggy chicken Caesar salad was burnt on one side, barely cooked on the other. Shameful. The artichoke dip was glistening with oil and Luke warm. Chips were fine. Took a few bites, didn't bother asking for a redo, because that would have probably taken another 45 minutes.Tipped her 40 percent for her great job, in cash, because she was the only reason for 2 stars. This Ruby Tuesday is in serious need of..... idk? Competition! Or . Whatever. Avoid this place unless you live on Arby's and McDonald's, otherwise, this is 5 star dining for you.
I dont know what happened to this place between the time I moved here two years ago and friday April 17th 2020 but the quality of food has gone completely down hill. The mashed potatoes were dry and flavorless, both the 12oz rib eye and the 6oz sirloin were over cook and looked greasy by the time I opened them from our to go boxes. The burgers had cold melted cheese like it had been sitting for longer than 5 minutes and the fries were not fresh. The only saving grace of the whole thing was the pineapple upside down cake.If a person gives you a set time to pick it up, it should be made just slightly before they arrive, not a while before they arrive and made to sit. Also I get social distancing, but you need more than one server out in the lot checking on people, also someone to pick up the phone. I shouldn't have to call 26 times with no answer and sometimes a busy signal before having to drive there and hope I can catch the only guy working the lot.Furthermore beyond the quality of food being terrible, the 6oz. sirloin was not even with my order when I picked it up. But the look of the food, that was well before I even went back to get my dang dinner. Next time I'll just go to mcds and get some hot fresh food.
This was probably the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. We had a large group and have been to many restaurants together with little to no issues. The service was terrible ( the never brought out some of the meals). Come check time was an absolute nightmare. Every check was wrong. The staff were ever rude to us and our children. They removed food from our children's table before they were done eating. They staff became very combative when confronted with issues. We would never go to this restaurant every again.
My only reason for stopping in Pocomoke!Clean place, staff has always been friendly in my experience.To Go service was top notch order only took about twenty minutes with the restaurant packed.
This particular Ruby Tuesday has a bit of an edge in service over other locations. Nowhere else has anyone ever brought me the garlic cheese biscuits before I was done ordering food! Beyond that, everything else is about par for the Ruby Tuesday chain. Salad bar, as always, is pretty good and really the one reason I go to Ruby Tuesday.
Good food, but this Ruby Tuesday location still lacks in properly trained wait staff.
Not a bad place to stop on the way north or south on Rt. 13.  The place is clean, the menu varied, and the service decent.  If you like burgers, salads, and a little originality, Ruby's is a better bet than your average roadside oasis.  I am partial to musical references, and R. Tuesday is one of the best.
Although I live a few miles away, I will NEVER eat here again.Service was quick, food was wholly inaccurate and inedible.My wife ordered a hamburger. Based on previous visits (since they were always undercooked), she ordered it medium well (instead of medium). It came out burnt, dry, and tasteless. When the waitress brought it to the attention of the manager, she was offered a DESSERT!My Chicken Alfredo was SOOO over-spiced that I gave up on it after two bites. It was absolutely terrible. Burned my mouth because it was so spicy. It was taken off the bill.We've been to this restaurant about 20 times in the last 3 years. NEVER AGAIN... It's NOT worth it. There's a KFC/Taco Bell and McDonald's right down the street. I'll go there next time.Oh ya, the manager NEVER dropped by the table to apologize. On Monday, I'm calling the main office customer service department...
This is one of the best places to eat on the Eastern Shore. I have a summer home nearby in VA and drive the distance just to eat here. Plus they have the same servers every year who are wonderful and remember me and my famiy even though they only see us a few weeks out of the year. Judy is the best!! She is one of the nicest servers I have ever had. She does anything she can to make your visit and meal the best. She brings you hot cheese biscuits and the food is always hot and fresh. Fresh mango iced tea refills before you ask for them. You never wait long for anything and she checks to see that you have everything you need often. We have many favorite food items here plus the salad bar is fresh, cold, and full all the time with lots of choices. My favorite dish is New Orleans sea food plate and my daughter loves the mini sliders. Our favorite desert is a Blondie for 2. I hope they never change because this restaurant is one of the places we look forward to coming to every summer! We eat here at least 8 to 10 times during our vacation.Thank you, Judy!!!
Great service.  Food is your normal chain pub fare but the Mushroom Chicken was pretty good.  The wait staff was friendly enough.
My first Ruby Tuesday stop so maybe I'm just biased, but in my opinion the food here was amazing! Our party was large and rowdy, but the waiter was extremely patient and prompt with our order.For my meal, I ordered the BBQ chicken with a side of mashed potatoes and zucchini--everything was phenomenal! And the bottomless plates of cheesy biscuits kept our mouths watering!Everything about the experience was satisfactory for a chain restaurant.
Here for brunch on our way home from from spring break. Clean, food good
This was the best place I found to eat while I was in the area.  After several trials at other restaurants, I've finally found a place I will go back to for lunch or dinner.  This was actually my first time at a Ruby Tuesday even though they have them everywhere.  I had the steak and lobster for $14.99, and it was great!  Very impressive for the price and quality, also the cheddar bisquits were never on the plate for longer than 5 seconds!  Service was great and all the food came quickly and with a smile.  Coming back here again and checking out other Ruby Tuesdays in the future
If you're ever in a layover from Newark or a cancelled/delayed flight. Chances are the hotel will be in the Elizabeth town area which is close to the airport. There's a mall but close by there's an ihop and a Ruby Tuesday's. Now, it's been ages since I've stepped foot into one but have been here twice over the last few months. I had remembered our server from the first time Nehemi and had the pleasure of seeing him again today. He's wonderful, checks up on us timely, and tells is straight when it comes to the food.The food is surprisingly tasty and have had the chicken, ribs, and onion rings. Definitely would come back and they got a veggie burger for you veggies out there. Revamped menu that you need to check it out. Thanks Nehemi!
Mike the bartender made my last two nights here great. I was here for business and had never been in NJ, everything was clean and food was delicious. I wouldn't recommend the broccoli cheddar as that was watery and salty but service was amazing and the rib eye and salad bar on point
It was close and good basic food. Service was good amd drinks were cold. I would go back as it was as expected.
My daughter and I love ruby Tuesday. My favorite entree is the hickory bourbon chicken with two sides. I have never been disappointed and always received incredible service. They have tasty cocktails too.
Please don't come here expecting quality service.Why be in the service industry if you aren't a people person or have an attitude? It's very hostile and never experienced this at a chain restaurant
I have not been to a Ruby Tuesday in quite a while and thought a burger might be a good idea...WRONG!!  This was most probably the worst burger I have ever seen....I just couldn't eat it, the fries was cold and old, the burger looked like someone sat on it! Sorry to say but now I understand why they have a sign on the door for cooks! They will NEVER see me again!
Everything was very good!! And the services very nice too and It is near to Newark airport
Great service by Mike and team tonight!  Cheers to you Mike! Thanks for the vibes.  I'll be back.
It's understandable that the restaurant cannot run their salad bar.  Even though I was excited about it I get it.  However my meal there was severely lacking.  My drink glass was filthy enough I didn't bother ordering another because I didn't trust the cleaning methods anyway.  The chicken burger was 80% breading.  Dry.  Just not good.  The onion rings fit the same description.   I used to enjoy Ruby Tuesday night hen they were in the Portland area.  I think I just ate my last meal at the chain however.
I walked into the restaurant and I found the greeter seating in the waiting area, seat's, I asked for table and was told no tables were available, but I could go to the bar area.  I went to the bar area where there was tables available in the bar area with people seating at the tables and at bar.  So I took a seat at a table to only get chastise for sitting at a table from the greeter, I'm 60 y/o & brown color and greeter is about 18 y/o she was brown of color also was rude to me.  I noticed the majority of the restaurant was white and all the brown people who entered the restaurant were given the option to sit at the bar to order their food to go.  That greeter waited on me, slammed my plate on the table without any eating utensil's and napkins.  I was rushed to pay bill before asking me if I wanted any desert.  I would not go back ever!!!
Came here for dinner after an afternoon of shopping. Overall, good service and good food. We had the Steak and Lobster Tail (just okay), Shrimp Carbonara (a little spicy and we loved it), and a full rack of Classic BBQ Baby-Ribs (awesome smoky flavor and tender meat). The waitress even brought us a complementary dish of garlic & bacon biscuits as appetizer, which is always a plus~
Good for salads.  Salad bar was clean and the food was fresh.  I would recommend getting a salad with whatever you decide to eat.  After all, it's all you can eat and who doesn't want to indulge in a healthy salad.  Initially, I thought this was going to be like another Applebee's or Chili's, of which I am not a fan.  This is the kind of place I would revisit during one of those emergency hunger pains during lunch hours.
from my experience going here with my family, it was not at all satisfactory. id give them some time because there was six of us who were ordering, but it was just a disgrace. my sister was given cold food. due to the slow service, and careless staff, my dad had never gotten his food. my dad ordered ribs, and then another group ordered ribs afterwards. turns out that the other customers got their ribs first, while me and my family waited for an hour for his order. the manager had to come over and give us a giftcard and take the meal off of the bill because of the inconvenience. of course their generosity is well appreciated, but it deserves TWO stars because i expected better service. lets hope this doesnt happen to other customers! :)
I'm already a fan of Ruby Tuesdays, most for their amazing salad bar deal.  How often can you find an unlimited, all-you-can-eat salad bar along with a nice hearty soup or mini-burgers for less than $10?!  Those familiar with the fancy digs of the Times Square Ruby Tuesdays may find this one a bit different.  It has more of a casual dining feel to it, with some nice booths and tables spread throughout the restaurant.  The seats are comfortable and the place is pretty darn spotless.  It definitely feels comfortable, and the staff is attentive but not to the point where you feel that you're being rushed.I ordered my usual white bean chicken chili with the salad bar.  I haven't had this dish in a couple months, and the last time I had it was at another location.  I was really happy to taste the same warm, cumin infused flavor that I've tasted so many times before.  The beans and chicken were tender and the chili nice and satisfyingly thick.  The salad bar was fresh as always, with several of the items getting refreshed at least once during my time there.  I love how crunchy their greens are and the grapes are nice and plump (seedless and sweet, my favorite!).This location is in the epicenter of shopping mania in NJ.  On one side you have Ikea and Toys R Us, on the other is Jersey Gardens Mall and beyond that is Jersey Gardens Movie Theater, one of the biggest in the area.  This is a prime location and definitely worth a visit, even if you're coming in from NYC.
The salad bar is a thing of wonder, I miss it at various restaurants. I overfill and usually have leftovers when I come here, but the crisp, cold salad is a boon to the hungry adventurer. While the dressings weren't labeled, at least most everything else is identifiable by sight. And the cut ham wasn't bad.  Spinach and lettuce, but not much romaine.The cowboy ribeye, excellent mix of fat & steak, and medium rare is done right. The bleu cheese was a bit much, but the onions were fried pretty well. A bit salty overall.Only downside, on a quiet Sunday night, took a bit to get a refill, and the mangoes in the mango iced tea - impossible to get out of the drink (straw isn't big enough).
Good business model... no air condition, making the place incredibly hot and charge money for water. Reminds me of the 60's, but with over priced beer 13 dollars for a plastic cup. I don't expect much from an airport ruby tuesdays, but this is below expectations. We need a new airport. I feel bad for the people working at this establishment.
Ruby Tuesdays should be ashamed of themselves for the ham, cheese and egg breakfast sandwich they serve. Everyone knows and expects airport prices to be higher but $13.49 for scrambled eggs, a little cheese and 1 thin slice of sandwich meat for the ham!?! Come on!!! Reading the menu, I was thinking, nice, breakfast potatoes.....don't be fooled like me - they are just French fries. Will not be going back when I am in the Newark airport - go to the seafood place that actually has a real kitchen.
This is a scam of a "restaurant." We asked for water thinking we would get glasses but instead we got bottled water for $4/each. The waitress should have informed us this was bottled and the cost. $12 for 4 disgusting mozzarella sticks and $17 for 4 chicken fingers with fries. Also, $12.50 for a blue moon. Cost was outrageous, spend your money at the smaller marketplaces. Horrendous service too. My husband and I made an agreement to never return to this restaurant chain ever again.
Our flight was delayed and we needed to eat so we stopped in here for some dinner and a drink . 2 Rum and Cokes were 35.00 and we ordered a chicken finger platter that was awful the fries were soggy and the chicken fingers tasted freezer burnt. The server attempted to charge us for 3 drinks instead of 2. We had her fix it once we pointed it out to her. Pricing was extremely high for the service and quality that was provided
So here are the cliff notes.Bad serviceLazyNo personalityGave them $20  for change to tip.Gave me 4 $5 bills.Which meant i want a 5 tip on 15 meal. She got huffy and said no dollar bills.Nice try. No guilt.
Absolutely no care to sanitize a table after the last customer.. Food is decent. Three items on the lunch entree menu. So so customer service
This Place sucksssss. The waitress didn't write down my order. Guess what happened. I didn't get my entire order and I was in a time crunch for my flight. You have to buy bottle water, that is $3.50.. their menu is trash. Even if you dine in you have to eat out of a styrofoam container.
Their menu was very limited and wasn't even fresh. The drink menu was also limited and they did not have a large assortment liquor. The staff was nice and doing the best they could.
Avoid this place. I was charged $12.26 for a plastic cup of Coors Light. This is just ridiculous. And unless I was getting food I wasn't allowed to get a table since bar seats were taken so I had to drink it outside. There's another bar on this terminal (Phillips) which is also ultra expensive but at least you can have a seat and enjoy your pricey beer.
Menus small probably cause of covid but doesn't give the blonde female server an excuse to be rude to customers. She came over and asked me to pay quicker because I was taking too long to get my money out. While not bothering other customers who had been there longer than me. Her excuse was each table was only allowed 20 minutes like what a joke. Hope she likes bad tips cause that's not how you treat customers. I Can't believe she still has a job in customer service.
I have never felt compelled to write a review about a restaurant until now.  This is hands down one of the WORST dining experiences I have ever had.  The restaurant is a total mess, with the employees idea of cleaning consisting of removing straw wrappers and NOT wiping down tables.  The "manager" is roaming the floor like he owns the place and barely knows the menu or how to enter an order into the register.  After 20 minutes I'm still waiting for my glass of water...tables are half full and there are three "servers" standing around talking to each other.  Apparently, service experience, restaurant experience or basic common sense are not a requirement to work here. For a $12 burger, maybe I was wrong to expect something remotely delicious, but wow...apparently the Ruby Tuesday kitchen feels that dumping salt on the food counts as flavor. Two big
Grabbed some lunch here before heading on a flight back to Cali. I was craving a big, fat burger so this was as close as I could get to satisfying that hunger. We got seated promptly. There were only two servers from what it seemed like, each occupying one side of the diner. Almost all the tables were packed, so the poor girl had to run around serving multiple tables, which made the service super slow in getting our orders in and food and drinks out. I ordered the spicy jalapeno pretzel burger. ($12) Pretzel bun...? Never heard of that but surprisingly wasn't bad at all! I just wish it was spicy like it claimed to be. Wasn't spicy nor was the jalapenos tasty. Appeared to be over cooked shrunken jalapenos. Side note: Burger tastes much better when dipped in ranch sauce as well!
Go there ONLY if your flight is more than an hour later, since the service is tooo slow (or shall I say they are under-staffed). Had a garden salad which I really liked but the lemonade (supposedly made from real fruit juice!!) was a total disappointment.
Horrible service and food is just terrible. Overpriced too.First, I had to wait about 10 min next to sign that says wait here to be seated, but no one would seat me. Then I called a waitress (Gigi) over and she told me to sit anywhere inside. I had my dog carrier bag on the chair while I was eating so I can watch him (his bag was fully closed), and as soon as my food came out, they threw me check to pay for it. They told me to put the bag down, and I complied. Then someone comes over trying to take my plate away, but I was only 1/3 done!!! They were just trying to get rid of me, because I had a dog with me. There's no sign that says no dogs allowed and I never experienced such a rude service just because I'm traveling with my dog.I guess airport food is never good, but I'm not returning to Ruby Tuesday anywhere else.
Ruby Tuesday NJ: Newark AirportSaturday 10am 1st March 2014Three StarsIt's basically your only choice for food after security. I had a double Maker's which hit the spot for $10.  I reluctantly chose the Steak and Eggs Benedict.  The Steak was cooked great- actually close to medium.  The eggs were scrambled? But more like spread out really thin on a flattop and then folded together.  The Hollandaise was just broken butter which is not horrible.  The Bread was a soggy piece of hamburger bun.  The servers had attitude but in a good and entertaining way.
You got to wonder about a national chain restaurant putting out such crappy food.  As the customer , I now know I'll never visit another Ruby Tuesday, at an airport or anywhere.  The companies one chance of earning a customer is now lost.  The food quality to price is dismal. I never knew bacon could be sliced so thin, and powdered eggs??  Really for $14.00.  Shame on you Ruby Tuesday
Good service, however cheeseburger was so so. I had starving a for burger and I'm disappointed with this place. Anyway, their waitresses were highly attentive!
Service was okay. They have a little area with pre packaged salads and sandwiches so I grabbed a club salad and stood by the cash register up front for a good 5 minutes and then just walked to the back and asked to pay and a guy in the back said very rudely that it'll be $11 which is more than the food on the menu so I decided to sit down took another five minutes for someone to come up to me. Ordered a Carolina chicken salad was supposed to come with fried chicken but they didn't have any so I got grilled instead they gave me a discount for this. I think they are just a bit lazy here because it is not a full size restaurant. Oh well. Salad was decently good.
I've flown out of and into numerous airports across the nation and world. So-so food is anticipated at airports, but this place was atrocious.My boyfriend made the mistake of not hanging his bag up when eating (just placed by his chair), and now it is soiled with heavy grease stains. This is not to say that grease isn't inevitable. However, this floor was FILTHY. Grease and liquid were very visible on the floor during PEAK hours, around 6:30 PM on a Sunday.If you have any sort of expectations, lower them immediately. It's the kind of place where you visit and feel you need to shower. This place is a lawsuit waiting to happen. I just hope they get reported by the health department before anyone gets injured.
The food is good if your really hungry! Chicken tenders did their job. But since when do you come and demand payment while the customer is still eating?!?!?! Very rude of the older Indian man to come and demand the card to charge while we were literally still eating
My wife and I were flying out of Newark, got to gate at 8pm and looked for someplace to eat.  Found Ruby Tuesday near gate 30 terminal A,  the place was nearly empty so we sat down at a table for 4, we were promptly told that we had to sit at a table for two, again the place was empty.  We told the persons that we needed room for luggage and coats, again we were told to sit at a table for 2!  We left, not hurrying back for that type of customer service
What would be the greatest addition to a mediocre airport located in a less than mediocre state? If your answer was "an even lesser than mediocre chain restaurant location" then slide in my DMs and we can meet up for a crisp high five!!After a quick trip to NYC, my friend and I decided to grab an even quicker lunch before our flight took off from EWR. Little did we know that this lunch could not be quick enough. I ordered a quesadilla and spinach artichoke dip, while my friend ordered a cheeseburger and substituted his fries with onion rings. This is where our joke of a meal begins. First comes out the dip and upon first glance, my face is a red flag emoji. The barely room temperature dip looks as if the restaurant bought it from a grocery store, added some Parmesan on top, and microwaved for 20 seconds. Taste was ok at first but with each bite, I could more clearly envision my future trip to the toilet. Quesadilla was ok but the sour cream was cold??! Excuse meeeeee. Then my man's burger arrives and remember how I said earlier he asked for onion rings? Guess what he got instead. FRENCH FRIES AYY. This may have been a blessing in disguise because based on the quality of the rest of the meal, I'm not sure the cooks here were capable of making acceptable onion rings. Also, the burger had cold buns. Must be a New Jersey thing. If I had to rank our food items I'd have to say the fries were first, the tap water came in at a close second, and everything else was tied for last. All in all, it was an entertaining meal due to sheer mediocre-ness of the food. Had a good laugh about it after.
Located in an area that's connected to another food biz. Ruby Tuesday's seating is disconnected from main restaurant which is confusing and unwelcoming to airport travelers who are not customers. Gave feedback to the manager on duty. Nice enough guy.
$19 for a vodka with OJ?? They know you are trapped in the airport terminal and have minimal options so they can charge whatever they want, but they should really be regulated or gone. They also hardly have any vegetarian options.
Ok food. Only ordered an appetizer. When received it ,it looked 1/2 gone or two pieces were takin from it . beer prices ..,  They don't list the prices on the menu so make sure you ask first . Had 2 miller lite beers , cost me $21.00.. Staff is great though
A good place to get a bite to eat before your flight. Food was good - wine was 14.00 too expensive in this place for sure .
I tried to order eggs and bacon but was told that's only for 10 and under - every other breakfast item is over $14 and 1100 calories. Terminal A needs to get rid of this crap vendor.
I honestly can't say anything good about my experience.  The waiter was very rude and unprofessional. He got out order wrong, we waited over 40 minutes to get the food and when it came the starters and main course all came at once. My food was cold , the sides were wrong and there was also problems with paying. All in all a terrible experience.
Let's start by saying this is an airport food evaluation in an airport that's painfully loud and overbooked/overcrowded.Staff: My server was friendly and fairly quick to respond. I really like how she brought a wet nap (napkin) and the check while I was finishing up without asking. It kept the place moving and me on time but who knows how often they rotate staff. Cleanliness: Surprisingly good considering the amount of foot traffic. The bathrooms are public so I can't rate them but if I did it'd be a low star rating. Food: Went for the safe bet of a burger but with a healthily side so I choose the turkey burger. It turned out to be not to bad. It wasn't dry and the veggies were fresh. The fries however had been sitting for awhile. Drinks: skipped my usual dirty martini and went with a beer as the bar tender didn't seem as skilled as my server. Overall: For an airport restaurant-bar it was pretty good, definitely better than I expected so I give it 3 stars.
On November 27, 2012 we had lunch at this location since our US Airways flight was 2 hours into the future. My Wife and I sat at a table for a good 10 minutes before Tracey gave us menus. We ordered two chicken sandwiches, one coffee and one diet coke. Since we were in no rush, it didn't matter that our Ruby Tuesday experience was a little too long. Our meal finally arrived but we had no knife/fork etc. It took a few minutes for those to arrive.The service we receive is not typical of any Ruby Tuesday outside of the Airport. You're inside of Security, so your choices are very limited. If it wasn't for that fact, we would have dined elsewhere. Maybe our poor service was due to one person, so let us know how your experience was, Hopefully you will not need a drink refill as the server got lost and must be hunted down.
If this was just about the food, it would be 4 stars - tasty burgers, cold beer, what's not to like? Oh yea, the SERVICE. I ate at the bar, which is my default when I travel, and usually pays off with a friendly bartender. Not this time. The woman behind the bar - the receipt said Dinoelma? - should not be in any customer-facing job, evar. She barely looked at me when I sat down, which is fine on a busy day, but then snapped "be right with you" in a tone that made it clear she would really rather I just go away. When she took my order, she didn't write it down, and of course it came out wrong - not that she asked or checked back. Until I started talking to the dude next to me, THEN she wanted to know if I wanted anything else. I said no, as I only wanted the one beer & my meal. Well, as soon as I stopped eating, she grabbed my plate (which still had food on it!) and scraped it into the trash while I was talking to my next seat neighbour. Then, he ordered another beer, I said no thanks, and she basically said I couldn't stay at the bar unless I ordered something else. Yea, no. Won't be back, really hope they find better staff.
Since I had a few hours to kill as I waited for my flight, I decided to give the Ruby Tuesday a whirl (it did not look bad, and it seemed like people were moving in and out quickly so getting a seat would not be an issue).  I will NOT be back.  Not only was the service atrocious, but the food (a basic chicken salad) was gross, and cold.  I had to beg for refills on my drink practically.
Probably one of the best burgers I've had in awhile. It's a freakin shame the service sucked so bad. They werent even short handed. The waitresses were to busy having conversations with themselves and cleaning up was more important they actually servicing their customers. It was a joke. One girl was too busy gossiping about someone else. If i happen to be in this terminal I will def be back for the burger, not the service, and only because I cant go anywhere else once I pass security.
I decided to grab something to eat before my flight departed. If you're in a hurry, this is NOT the best place to eat. Service was pretty bad. There were probably 4 or 5 waitresses just standing around chit chatting and doing absolutely nothing! No one came to our table for about 5 minutes until my boyfriend got up and told one of the girls that we were waiting for someone to attend to us.I ordered the Avocado Grilled Chicken Sandwich (grilled chicken breast topped with Swiss cheese, applewood smoked bacon, and sliced avocado). It was absolutely amazing! Grilled chicken was juicy and seasoned perfectly. Bun was pretty good and the Swiss cheese, bacon and avocado only added more flavor to the sandwich. It was heaven on earth, no joke!Once again, my boyfriend had to get up and ask them to bring our bill over after waiting a while.Service wise, they need to do something about the lazy and inattentive staff they have. But food wise, my chicken sandwich was pretty awesome!
Stopped in for a late lunch, and even though only a few customers, it took quite a to get waited on. They were out of most of their draft beers. Food was okay, but nothing special for the price. I had the bourbon salmon, and my guest had ribs and shrimp. Lots of fries though! Lol! Server was rude, unfriendly and slow! Too many excellent restaurants in this area to give Ruby's another chance. Sorry!
I love this spot, this is the fist time I've been back since the world went crazy. It does seem under staffed but the staff that is here is killin it. The salad bar is ice cold and the croutons are warm. I come here after eating poorly for a bit and crush a few salads. The best pepper grinders in the biz.
CROUTONS! CROUTONS! Yummy CROUTONS!Those are worth at least 1 star alone!!!! Salad bar was open! Fully stocked! And had their delicious croutons!!! They are delicious! Only location is in greenwood, don't get get often but glad they made it through the rough time! Service was great, salad bar is now $4.99 extra as it used to be available as one of your sides, not now but I understand:(My chicken tenders came out a little well done, the loaded fries I didn't care for, they had queso cheese, shredded cheese , bacon and chives. Next time I will ask to either keep queso off because as it got cold it got gross:(The drinks were delicious! They have nightly drink specials for $6 and lots of new food options!Highly recommend even if u go just for the croutons!
We hadn't been in for a while and they have a new menu. Tried the chicken carbonara, loved the mix of veggies, tasty sauce and bacon. Good and friendly service. I don't know why they don't do something about the bathrooms, there is no excuse for it to be so cold, it has been that way for years. So cold the handsoap even felt cold in hands.
so so t get me wrong. food was hot and had good flavor. how a restaurant can survive with 3 staff and not seat us due to kitchen prioritizing take out over dine in. not the best for customer service so again we will vote with our feet.
Super busy and way understaffed. Waited 20 minutes for a table. Even though they were pushy the waitress took care of us in a timely manner. Ordered the PULLED BBQ PORK. It was tough or old and chewy. In addition I t was not PULLED it was cut cubes. When I mentioned this to the waitress all she did was apologize and say she'd pass it on to the cook. No discount of any type, not even an offer to exchange it. I understand being both busy and short staffed but to not to offer anything for the food that was not as ordered nor fresh is almost insulting...lime we only want your money we don't care if the food is right.
Came for lunch but the doors were locked. Stood there for a minute and decided to call since there was no sign as to why they are not open. Lady told me they didn't have power and didn't know when they'd be open. I wish they'd have some courtesy and put a sign on the door and/or update their website. A couple of cars pulled up and I told them the situation. They weren't happy either. One couple said they came from around 86th street. What a waste of time.
THE GARDEN BAR IS OPEN!!!! So happy I went to my favorite chain restaurant for their "5$ burger and fries or tots" Marketing email! Five bucks for a mediocre burger and fries, but added the Garden Bar for $4.99 (SO DELICIOUS!) The garden bar is my only RT obsession, everything else is, well...mediocre. Don't judge me!
Asked for a medium-rare hamburger and received this. Completely raw on the inside and still cold! I'm so disappointed, won't be eating here ever again.
Usually good food and service. Today my mother's chicken had a piece of plastic in the sauce. It looked like a tab from a bread bag. She got the ribs and they were a little dry, but ok. The place had no one in it when we arrived. Where we set, the floor was sticky, our shoes stuck to it. There was a few pieces of food  on the floor. I figured being almost 5pm and no one here they place would be cleaner.
I have become increasingly impressed with this Ruby Tuesday. They recently revamped their menu and added the salad bar as a side to any entree.  They also have happy hour at the bar with all of their appetizers and most drinks costing only 5 bucks.  The baja tacos are delicious!  My husband and I always order one of the triple prime burgers and are never disappointed.
You know, I find their food kind of mediocre, but the salad bar really is great.  Really fresh nice looking assortment, kept well stocked and reasonably tidy.  The staff at this particular establishment seems nice as well.  The salad bar is a little expensive ($8.95 -- for $1 more you can get some mini burgers and fries or some soup), but it's where I would head if I wanted to pig out on salad.
Another restaurant on our 10 year old's must-eat-at list. He tried ribs for the first time and said it was the most awesome thing he'd ever tasted - I have to admit the sauce that (accidentally) got on my finger was pretty darn tasty.The other entrees were good. The portions a little small for the price, but nothing to complain about. The service was good, especially considering it was our teenage waiter's first week. The kitchen was slow and disorganized - each plate came out minutes apart. Overall, a good family meal and great standby restaurant.
Can't say enough about their salad bar.  Freshness that can't be matched locally.  Great selection and lots of tasty homemade dressings.  Entree portions are adequate.. some even good enough to share.  Their chicken and broccoli pasta is a personal favorite, although my selections have run the full gamut including their burgers and steaks. Attentive service and moderate pricing.
Frankly was disappointed. We came out to celebrate a birthday, looked forward to taking family out to dinner. We ordered, we waited close to an hour for the food to be delivered to the table. I ordered my ribeye medium rare, came to the table well done. We ordered 3 ribeyes, all well done. Told the staff about my steak, and the other 2 rib eyes, nothing was done to correct it. I use to love coming here with family. Staff was friendly at least but very short staffed. Hope things change
Okay, so first i go to the garden bar (as they call it) and there were ABSOLUTELY ZERO PLATES. There were 8 employees watching as I was waiting and i still had to ask them. After my first time going up and them having no plates, i went a second time, THEY HAD NO FRUIT. My child is 250 pounds (he is only 7) and on a strict fruit diet, so he didn't get to eat. I've had better food at Chuck e. cheese. My experience here was bad and i hated the bar. Our waiter was really nice though 2/10 Experience
The salad bar was not at all full. Many things were missing. Service was good food was eh. I don't know if i recommend there was no pasta and no fruit.
Stopped at 5pm on a Sunday wasn't busy didn't get food for an hour.  When waitress brought food she said they got 2 large grub hub orders that's what took so long.  Not sure when grub hub took president over in-person customers.
My Favorite place to take my date/wife. The salad bar is awesome with its numerous choices!
Jeez. This is the third time in this town I've order a steak Med rare. And the third time I've been served a steak that's well done. It sure makes my yorkies happy. Because I can't eat it.
I walked in just before 9:00 pm, the restaurant closes at 10:00. At least 6-8 staff members were hanging around and it did not appear that there were other customers in the place. I clarified that closing was 10:00. As I approached to be seated, one waitress at the bar made a nod that she didn't not want a table. I made the comment, "is there going to be an issue for me to be served". I was told no and sat down at a table in the bar area. I had to interrupt the server who brought me water to take my order. The conversations and hanging out continued as my food was delivered by a now third person who had also been hanging out. I tried to get someone attention to be moved from the noise to no avail. I did not want to get up and ask as why should I have to. My food was ok, the order was wrong butter not extra sour cream, the sautes zucchini was burned some not on the grill long enough. Who could I tell? No one, as they were still hanging out and talking. No one returned to my table to see if my food was ok or to refill my water. The waiter that took my order returned with my check and apologized for the conversations.  I had not said a word to him, he knew the behaviors were wrong but he had not stopped. I told him that the experience was awful and that I deserved the same dining experience at 9:00 as someone at 6:00. He apologized but they all knew they were wrong by not holding themself as professionals by hanging out. After a long day, this was not the way I expected it to end.
Not a very nice experience. I waited for my order an excessive long time, and when my order arrived it wasn't what I had ordered, and the food was not hot. All really disappointing. I can  not recommend this place.
Service excellent. Marita was our server and is a server that can handle an entire dining room and yet make you feel like you were the only one there. Lunch special ample food for nominal price. Great experience. Won't be our last
Our service was horrible .The food was not cooked properly it was undercooked they took it back and threw it in the microwave. It was brought back out minutes later and was still undercooked. Probably the last time we will eat at this location. The servers seem more interested in gathering and talking among them selves than making sure the customers where taking care of .
Took my family of four there for dinner.  We had a coupon from the paper worth the price of an entree.  Otherwise the food would have been quite expensive.  As it was I think we spent around 72 economic stimulus dollars.We were seated right away at about 830 pm on a Friday night.  So far so good.  The waiter we had was named Jonathan.  He was just okay.  We had to ask for our rolls, had to remind him to bring refills, and once he poured iced tea into a half full glass of Coke.  Then he started saying bad things about himself, how he was a "stupid idiot", but I don't know, it just made me feel bad for him.The salad bar was excellent.  They charge a dollar more for it in the evenings and I did not see anything extra on it, so that is kind of a rip off.  For the entree, I got the steak/mushroom/pepper with sauce and it was quite good, and cooked as specified. Don't bother getting the blue cheese coleslaw though.   I saw them go to the salad bar and get coleslaw and mix it with blue cheese.  It is nothing special.Endless french fires--yeah right.  You had to keep asking for them, and unless you asked for more, you got the equivalent of one package of ketchup.  Who knew ketchup was worth its weight in gold?  At least, that is how they served it.The restaurant was clean.  They kept the salad bar clean.  The bathroom was clean.  It wasn't too noisy to carry on a conversation.  Never saw a manager--apparently they don't go out into the restaurant and ask how things were like other restaurants do.  I did not have any complaints anyway.
Food: 4/5 Good Steaks and a salad barService: 4/5 Good ServiceAtmosphere: 4/5 Very nice and fancy looking place, dim lighting and nicely decorated
Quality of food, and quality of service we're excellent! We thoroughly enjoyed our visit. I wish our Ruby Tuesday didn't close up like they did!
Stopped in on a road trip.  Ordered ribs which were very good.  The coleslaw was soggggy and old. The salad was yesterdays too.  The ribeye while cooked to order had a lot of fat. The fried shrimp while crispy were the tiniest shrimp I've seen.   Our server was great, personable and came round as needed.The cocktails were on point.
Terrible meal manager has bad attitude very unprofessional looking and acting don't know how to make Long Island ice tea really went down hill was good before won't be back meal bad she don't seem to care  never tried to make it right waited 15 minutes for check
We're from Pittsburgh & were in the area so decided to stop for dinner. I had been to a Ruby Tuesday many times years ago but when I went to one in Baltimore a couple years ago with my husband (his first time), he wondered why I spoke so highly of the restaurant because that one was horrendous. We decided to check this location out just because why not? We were VERY satisfied. The service was impeccable. I got the garden bar & by the time I returned to my seat, my husband's entree had already arrived! Fast, delicious food & the prices don't break the bank. We will for sure be back when we're in the area again!
Food was not fresh , taste like everything was just frozen and they threw it in the microwave
I visited Ruby Tuesdays during my lunch break with a few friends. We waited an hour for our food. Eventually, two of us had to get up and leave because we just could not wait any longer. On our way out, they told us--for the fourth time since we arrived--that our food was almost ready. When I talked to the people from our party that stayed, they told me that they still waited another fifteen minutes to get their lunch.I ended up grabbing a sub from Sheetz and eating at my desk...I have known other people that I work with who have similar experience at this particular Ruby Tuesdays on Paxton Street. I would not recommend it to anyone, unless they have a two hour lunch break or are just interested in the salad bar.
Standard chain.  You've been here before whether you know it or not.Seemed like the best option within walking distance of the new(er) hotels on Tecport Drive.  No surprises here, however the bar is a lot smaller than you've come to expect.
We were staying at the Homewood Suites right behind the restaurant so stopped by here for dinner.  We arrived around 8pm and were expecting to have to wait since it was a Saturday night but the place was nearly empty.  I thought to myself that it because it's the day after Christmas but I couldn't help wondering...Even though the place was only about a third full, they made us wait an hour to be seated... nah only kidding.  They seated us right away.  After the customary drinks order we decided on the food.  Rather then going the safe route with burgers and the likes, we decided to try some seafood.  We ordered the tilapia with shrimp, crab cakes and a shrimp with penne (not sure of the exact name).  By far the best dish was the pasta.  There were a ton of shrimp in it which were perfectly cooked with that nice bursting crunch when you bite into it, not that mushy, gummy texture.  The penne was al dente and not drowned in watery sauce.  I think it might have had white wine in it, or at tasted like it did which was really nice.As for the tilapia, we were expecting it to be boring and somewhat on the dry side.  Well it wasn't.  The fish was very juicy and flavorful.  Unfortunately, it was on a little on the spicy side.  The shrimp on top of it were also nicely cooked.  The crab cake was blah...  We also had a chicken entree which i didn't try and an appetizer sampler which were the run of the mill fried stuff.What I thought was going to be nightmare actually turned out pretty well.  This place blows Applebees and TGIFridays away.  And i think it's actually cheaper too but that may be due to the geographic locations.
Good food. Standard Ruby tuesday. The service was pretty good as well.Their Mango Ice Tea (with fresh Mango) was really good, ohhh I loved it! I never asked for refill before but this one OMG can't help it....
Went on Sunday, about 1 PM. Our server was very busy but another server stopped by our table to get our drinks and our order. I was impressed. All employees were very friendly, which is a must for me.Our food was great! I love their burgers, salad and soup was very tasty! Quick service, with a smile!
So my husband and I have been waiting FOREVER to visit a Ruby Tuesday, and alas, on our way to Hershey Park, we found one!We were so stoked to stop by here after a long hot fun day.We ordered some of their famous mini burgers with the salad bar and the cajun tilapia with creole shrimp....it was all soooo good!  And our waitress was really good!  Hopefully I can find a Ruby Tuesday near my home so we can visit it again!
At some point, I was totally obsessed with going to Ruby Tuesdays whenever I was in a town that has one since we don't have them in Cali. But I got over that once I started yelping since I could find a ton of places that were unique and what not.However, I don't knock this place because they actually have some good healthy choices (and the best broccoli ever). Plus that bison burger is a slam dunk good choice. For those staying at the Homewood Suites next door, they'll deliver to the hotel and charge it to your room. Score!
I'm all about trying new things and....I just had BISON meat burger for the first time here, very delicious! With crispy fries and ranch to dip, what a great dinner.
Ruby Tuesday is your typical chain American restaurant A LA TGIF and Applebees.  But Ruby Tuesday has something the others don't - yummy delicious juicy turkey burgers and bangin mashed potatoes.The combination makes a great lunch (as well as several other menu items, but the sandwich way is the quickest yummy lunch) - however, what this location lacks is good service.  Gather 'round kiddies, it's story time.I love ketchup.  Like love love love.  I can not eat fries or a burger without ridiculous quantities of that tomatoey goodness.  So when I get a burger and fries with one little cup of ketchup on the side I'm all like "WTF MAN!"  So, before I even tried to eat, I asked for more.  Do they bring me a bottle?  NOOOO.  Do they bring me lots?  Nooooo.  They bring me 3 more of these little cups.  WTF I'ma do with that?  Needless to say I couldn't finish my fries cuz I ran out of ketchup.  Tear tear. The server was also pretty slow considering he knew I was on my lunch break and in a hurry.  The Union Deposit location has better service and the parking lot is actually navigable.
Do not care for the food at this business! Greasy, unhealthy, and poor selection! Hardly visit this business as I feel sick and thirsty after a meal there! I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone unless u wanted to stop in just for a drink!
I ordered for pickup expecting it to be ready as the app started! I'm tried worked 10hrs just wanted my food to be ready not have to sit for 20mins when i arrived to wait for my food!! I expect great service for 5 stars and to receive tips!! Get it together
Well that's a bummer. We used to enjoy RT's but it seems like the whole thing has been going downhill for the last few years. Well tonight (Valentine's Day) we were looking forward to their food. I called to place an order at 4:45pm, which seemed a safe bet as it wasn't the busiest part of the dinner hour. I was put on hold for over 6 minutes. I finally hung up (assuming I'd been forgotten) and called again. When I was told I'd be put on hold I let them know I'd just been on hold for over 6 minutes, and asked if it was very busy as I didn't want to wait that long again. They said they thought it was probably pretty busy "over there" and they would try to get me connected faster (no apology). When they went to transfer my call they hung up on me. We ended up ordering from a different business.
This is the first visit to this location. First off, no Pepsi so that was a strike against them. I had to get a coke instead which was watered down and mostly ice. For $3.  My wife had the crispy chicken Mac and cheese for $15. The portion was equivalent to a TV dinner.  It was good but not $15 good. I had the hickory bourbon bacon burger and cold fries. Tasty but so is a Big Mac which would be more filling. The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean. The music was quite loud but maybe that's just due to my age. Overall, not overwhelmed, don't think I'll mark this down on my list of must go places anytime soon.
I came here with my girlfriend and 6 month old daughter. We sat for 20 minutes waiting to have our order taken. We then waited an additional 10-20 minutes for our appetizers to come out and they were cold! Some of them were missing too!! The waitress seem intoxicated. Couldn't stand up straight to save her life, had to repeat what we ordered 5+ before she understood what we meant. Not to mention that my girlfriends drink was made wrong twice!! Like how do you mess up that bad? I can't believe this establishment has this much business. If I could rate -5 stars I would in a heartbeat.
Honestly, we were totally hesitant to go to Ruby Tuesday across from our hotel...but it was the only gig in town at 8pm on a random Friday night that we were in town visiting family.  We were so happy we did! We were greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us right away. Service was great, our server was friendly and attentive. We both got a salad bar which was truly fresh, ample, and delicious. It was clean, not your typical messy - did someone sneeze on my lettuce - salad bar. It was so good we wished we hadn't ordered two entrees because we would've gone back for more salad! One of us had a burger, the other had the Asiago chicken and both were really yummy. We wouldn't hesitate to go there the next time we are in the area, or if we find a Ruby Tuesday elsewhere.
Worst waitress ever.... saw her 3 times. Once after we sat down, 2nd time to bring out our dinner 3rd time to collect money. She only had maybe 3-4 tables. We typically eat at local restaurants but we felt like the Ruby Tuesday's garden bar. What a mistake that was.... She never asked how our food was. When asking for refills, she never brought them. The hostess was the best person working in that place and we felt like she did more. She was the one to finally bring our refills. Don't get me started on the food. We ordered the pick 3 where you get an appetizer, entree and dessert cause it seemed like a good deal. The shrimp and zucchini was clearly set then forgot as one side was charred and the other side not. The steak had no seasoning, I had to season it with table salt and pepper and that didn't do anything for the taste. Mozzarella sticks came with 4 but only enough marinara sauce for 1 and half and we couldn't ask for more because the waitress never came back until our entrees came out. We probably had a few bites before we decided that we just wanted to leave. We skipped on the dessert that it came with cause we were that unsatisfied with the food and most of all our waitress. I come from a hospitality background and my parents own restaurants of their own and an Inn, so I am a firm believer in tipping and tipping well, but I would have to say this is the first time that I have ever tipped under 20%; most people would have not tipped at all. If I could redo how I tipped, I would have just given it to the hostess. If we go back we will be sitting at the bar where we know we will get our drinks refilled and only get the garden bar.
Haven't been there in a couple years because last time I paid a lot for what I thought was an overpriced burger. Times have changed in there for the better! Their backside menu looked way more appetizing than Applebees. I got the salad bar(very filling and good)., the 6 oz bourbon sirloin(nice and tender), and a chocolate Oreo cake dessert. My wife had the peach glazed chicken, and the same other items as me. The whole meal was quite good and so was the service. Will definitely go back!
The staff here is fantastic. Sarah was our server and she was ultra attentive, friendly and constantly on top our endless refills. Christian the manager also stopped by and was so incredibly kind. The Bourbon Steak my boyfriend got was OUT OF THIS WORLD!  Luckily I was able to con him into sharing with me.
I eat here all the time when I'm back home, it's always great.  The staff is friendly, the wait is never long, the food is well prepared, and they make efforts to accommodate requests/coupons etc.   Don't understand the negative reviews as I've never had  abad meal here, out of like 20 times.
Not impressed at all. Promotional item we ordered was not even available but the waitress seemed to not even care. Salad bar was decent but very messy when we got there. Was never served the biscuits which was also a disappointment. Overall a very poor lunch especially since this was on the 4th of July.
We had a wonderful experience here. The food was good, as was the salad bar, and so was the service. The nicest thing was that they had replated my daughter's meal so that the plate was not hot when they brought her food to the table.
Rhonda, I think that was the waitress, was very nice.  She was very nice when I told her the the chicken taco lunch item with two tacos had one taco with a single slice of chicken and the second taco with a smaller slice of chicken and a barely perceptible escort piece of chicken.  The "death by onions" tacos poured out of the shell.  CRAP.  The queso had so much disgusting spinach and it was sweet.  I want salty queso not sweet.  Tasted bad.All this place has going for it is Rhonda and the tossing salad bar.  But that's not enough for a restaurant that shoved a $48 bill up our you know what with $2.50 soft drinks.  Screw this dump.  Oh, and I never slam a place without mentioning the shortfall and this is what Rhonda said...  "The cook admitted the chicken tacos have small amounts of chicken on them, and these had even less, so I should be prepared to tell customers the onion tacos are called 'chicken tacos'.", to paraphrase.  So based on this piss on their crap onion tacos, sweet cheese dip and overpriced crap.  Rhonda is a very friendly waitress and I would come here for drinks with my wife and customer and sit in her area.
on behalf of a family member who is not a Yelper:"this place was wonderful when it first opened 10 years ago.  now the restaurant is freezing inside, the food is cold and made colder by the chilly temperature, and the salad bar is full of fruit flies.  for the price, you can do a lot better.  i won't be eating here again"
We bought special burgers.  Looked like they put a slider on a bun 2x the size.  What a waste!  Won,t be getting food from there again.  And 5 meals that they took no care with.  Everything slide around and not by us.
Worst brisket I have ever had. Employees just sitting around the bar! I won't be back unless I want a salad.
One of the only places that has an amazing salad bar.Lots of different food to choose from . Truly
Have you ever wanted to experience the feeling of eating out at such a nasty restaurant, you'll wish they gave you a z-pack with your check after the meal? If so, you should head on down to Ruby Tuesday's in Elyria!Stopped in here with my mom recently. The parking lot had more potholes than there are holes in your average slice of Swiss cheese. A sign we missed of the horrors awaiting us inside...Walking in, the front waiting area smelled strongly of ribs and barbecue sauce...to the point where it was nauseating. (How is that even possible?!) Once seated, I noticed the table next to us needed cleaning underneath. Looked like the patrons used Parmesan cheese as confetti. The smashed particles look...gross. The atmosphere is interesting. I'm not sure what direction they were going for. It was like the 80s, 90s, and 00s threw up in there--and not the more stylish parts. I totally forgot they made plastic table cloths with felt on the underside. Haven't seen one of those babies since 2003! Adding to the ambiance were unruly children and grown men loudly blowing their nose. (This happens anywhere.)The food was lackluster at best. My soup spoon was sticky on the underside, and I noticed after eating it that the crackers I was given were recycled from another patron...the wrapper had dried soup on them that was NOT mine. My mom ordered a steak dinner. The steak was puny and dry...and the baked potato tasted dirty and old. She did enjoy the salad bar. I didn't take advantage of it; it was too close to the entrance and therefore not appetizing to me.My mom also stated that there were no locks on the bathroom doors. She also witnessed an employee not washing their hands after using the restroom next to her. We didn't stay for dessert, and I didn't order a cocktail I had been eyeing. Based on our experience (as well as plenty of Facebook reviews stating the drinks totally sucked), we weren't missing out on anything there.After visiting this Ruby Tuesday's, it was immediately clear to me why so many of them in the Northeast Ohio area shuttered...and it's mind boggling to me how this one is still operating! I have never wanted to un-eat a meal so badly in my life. It was truly a God-given miracle that we didn't wind up with food poisoning! Not worth the money, avoid at all costs. Go to the nearby Wendy's or Steak & Shake. You'll get way better quality food for a fraction of the cost.
VERY DISAPPOINTED! Used to come here regularly. Had been at least a year but I was craving a famous Ruby Tuesday salad bar tonight and came here for dinner with a couple friends. The parking lot had so many potholes I really didn't even feel safe parking there. Such a safety hazard! Someone could trip and including the elderly. Walking in I saw just how disorganized and unattractive the salad bar was with food scattered all about, contaminating surfaces, and other bowls of food. They were out of croutons (the best part of the salad bar). Luckily the server brought me a separate plate of them but why didn't they just stock the bar? No reason for the salad bar to look like this. The sliders I got with the salad bar were bland and didn't taste very fresh. The only good thing was the zucchini I got as my side which had always one of my favorite things about RT. Server didn't know anything about the drink specials or what was considered a martini. Didn't have broccoli salad or some of the other things I'm used to getting. Unfortunately, I don't see this location being open another 3 months and will most likely close like all the other locations if it doesn't change soon!
EXCELLENT HOT. Food.  Great value for quality. Wonderful server!  The salad bar was well stocked although we did not participate. It was offered however with our meal for extra cost.  All of us got BBQ. Their signature hickory bourbon sauce is slightly spicy but sweet.   We will stop again on our way to Ohio turnpike
Went to RT for lunch today. Impressed that they were following all of the COVID protocols. Gas the 2 for 22 special. Food served was delicious! Had the honey glazed chicken and my wife had the tenders. Will be going back!
While food received was good, had grub hub delivery.  Paid premium price, order incomplete.  Customer Service passed did not resolve issue.  NEVER use Grub Hub!
I've been here a million times, usually 4-5 stars but today was 3-star for sure.  While it's not this locations responsibility - how do they not have an app?! And when I tried ordering online, it wouldn't go through so I had to call the order in.  Then, they messed the order up - I ordered chicken Parmesan with broccoli cheese soup ...got chicken Alfredo with broccoli.  Everything was good but not what I ordered & it was near closing so I couldn't do much about it.  Food is always great, service is solid & the salad bar is my favorite thing about Ruby Tuesday.  I look forward to more 5-star experiences in the future to make up for today's.
went here today buy 1 get1 use to love this place got shorted shrimp they dropped some said they be back never came ordered dirty rice brought something brought out some more so spicy an hot couldn't eat man I use to love that rice drinks were bad too place use to be a 8 or 9 sorry to see it go down hill got to be a 3 or 5 now wont be back there call me when you can turn things around there dam it was a good place onece
Poor service -- had to wait and wait for water. Finally got up and found a manager we asked for water. When a steak ordered "medium well" arrived, it was rare. Gross. The waiter didn't ask about how it was until he brought our check.
This is a great restaurant with a friendly, excellently attentive staff! The All-You-Can Eat Salad Bar is simply amazing! It contains a nice selection of fresh vegetables,fresh pasta,and potato salad. I loved the real bacon piece, the raw sliced zucchini, and the homemade pumpernickel croutons. Also, there are several entree selections on the menu, to choose from: steak, seafood,gourmet hamburgers, gourmet turkey burgers, pasta, chicken dishes, and sides. I was pleasantly surprised when I was told by my Server, that I could create my own "Specialty" Pasta dish. I choose the sauce that I wanted (roasted red pepper marinara), the meats andouille sausage and ground beef, sauteed onions, sauteed mushrooms,and linguini noodles-- topped with freshly grated Parmesan cheese! It was delicious!The appetizers are scrumptious, also! Especially the Shrimp Fondue with homemade Chips!Additionally, Ruby Tuesday offers a "Lunch Special." You can receive $2 off of your Lunch, if you eat at the Bar. Be sure to ask the Bartender for a Discount Card.
Food was good until I found some glass (that was apparently in my zucchini) in my mouth. Bit down on my dinner only to have a chomp of glass breaking in my mouth. Manager was very understanding and offered free dinner. To bad I lost my appetite. Hopefully I don't wake up with a tooth ache tomorrow.
The salad bar is one of the best aspects of this restaurant chain. The menu update and interior update has made Ruby Tuesday's a much more enjoyable experience in a nice environment.
Chain me up!Having recently been forced to go gluten-free, I've had to revisit the whole concept of eating at chain restaurants.  In turn, I've visited this Ruby Tuesday on a number of occasions.  THE UP-SIDE:  Super-friendly service, enough room to spread out, and lighting that is easy on the noggin.  With an excellent salad bar that stretches a good 15 feet, there is always a quality fallback plan for those eating healthy and/or having to go gluten/free.  For those not worried about gluten, the food is pretty damn good for a chain.THE DOWN-SIDE:  This place goes out of its way to note that they have a gluten-free menu - they don't.  What they have is a long, xeroxed list of things to avoid on their regular menu.  While this is definitely helpful, it would be far more helpful if they just had straight-out gluten-free offerings.  Trying to hold up their regular menu and go between it and the xeroxed list is annoying and far too much trouble.THE SUM-IT-UP:  While I do wish this place would offer true and distinct gluten-free offerings, the salad bar does help fill that void.  People not worried about going gluten-free will enjoy this location no problem.
We were excited to see a salad bar again! We come for the salad! This location however wasnt the best. Our waiter was stressed and we could see they were understaffed...part of why I didnt give a lower score. I understand businesses are struggling for help. We were patient waiting for service.We all got salad bar and some an entree. The salad bar was out of a lot of items and it did not look attended to. Even in understanding, it was frustrating as that was my meal. The entress came out 27 mins later. The tater tops were awesome and food was hot. They were running a special 2 for $24 and add endless salad and drink on for $5.That seemed a good deal! We didnt see our waiter again till end of meal. We received the bill and found we had been charged $5.99 for salad and $2.89 for drink that was to be $5 as printed on special menu. We advised the waiter who stated we were wrong as he tried to tell us it was only on another special. Frustrated we pointed it out to him, and to his surprise we were right. So we paid the bill and ledt only 15% for his tip. Watch your tabs here!
Server did a great job. Food was average and salad bar was less than average. Staff was very friendly.
Went there on Friday evening at 6pm. They were not that busy. We were seated rather quickly. in about 10 min the waitress came over took our drink order and she asked us if we were ready to order and we did. After 10 minutes we were still waiting for our drinks so I flagged the waitress down and asked for them. I got the salad bar not impressed ! Husband ordered a bacon cheeseburger waited 50 minutes and had to flag her down again to ask for the check as we had to leave to get to our movie. She said hold on then goes to kitchen and brings out his food out she says do you still want it and we said no because we can't take it into the movies! So she says well you don't have to pay for salad bar or drinks. Which we would have but in a nut shell it was all ridiculous no reason that it should have taken so long! Won't be going there again!
There were two hard clear plastic pieces of plastic mixed into my salad.  Disappointed.
This review is based only on the fact that they say that they are open until 10:00, yet when we got there at 9:13, the doors were locked and we could see employees looking at us.  After a very long day of getting horses and ourselves ready and down to State Fair, we just wanted a quick, tasty meal, it was extremely frustrating to select a restaurant, get there and then be ignored :(
I only go to this restaurant when other people want to.  The main reason I never want to go is that is is sooo disgusting. The floor is so nasty, it made my shoes stick.  How can anyone that manages this restaurant not notice how dirty it is? The windowsills are full of dead bugs, the blinds are splattered with old food and god knows what.  And the floors.  Ugh.  The floors look like something out of a dive bar in Guadalajara. There have been a reviews about their floors from months ago, but obviously nothing was ever done.  If the kitchen is even half as dirty, make sure your hepatitis shots are up to date! That being said - the service is usually pretty decent and the drinks aren't half bad
Awful service. Our entire order was missing the sides and drinks. I called to talk to someone about fixing the issue and I got hung up on. Twice. Then, when I called back again it took 5 minutes of ringing before they answered. Then they proceeded to place me on hold for over 15 minutes. I hung up. Never eat here, the staff is terrible.
Food was good. Had a couple of the mini me smokehouse burgers and a jalapeno burger, cooked well, the only thing that made this a 3 star rating was our waitress. She kept forgetting things in our order. She also kept complaining she had too many tables when there were about 6 tables for her.
I love Ruby Tuesday in general, but I managed to hit this one on a night when they were out of ALL fish except shrimp...I finally had New Orleans Seafood with chicken instead of tilapia; it was okay but certainly not my favorite meal.  Would still like to know what days the fishing boat comes down I-25 to supply this place....
If you advertise that you open at 11:00 AM your doors should not be locked and your waiting staff arriving at 11:15. Not only did this mean that you lost our business today, but you have most likely lost it in the future as well.
Friendly staff. This place is EXTREMELY DIRTY.  I'm surprised they are still in operation.
My Wife and I were here over a Month ago, and I had to write about this place.  After going to the Botanical Gardens, we decided to have Lunch here.  We go in, and the Hostess seated us at a Booth which we wanted.  As we're looking through the Menu, I noticed that the place had not been Vacuumed in who knows how long?!  There was a smell there as well from the Carpet not being Vacuumed, and the Tables looked like they had not been Wiped Down in some time as well.We placed our Drink and Food order, and waited to close to an Hour for the Food to arrive!  It wasn't crowded in there, so there should not have been an excuse for the Delay!  After we got our Food, my Wife noticed that the 'Grilled Zucchini' was too Greasy to EAT!  I tasted one, and it was!  It was soaked in Grease for whatever reason, and it was AWFUL!  I had the Chicken Tender Combo, and it wasn't great either.  Both of our orders tasted like the Chef and the Cooks in the Back did not care, and just sent out what they felt like!Will not be returning here anytime soon, and I suggest you don't as well come here to eat for your Wallet and Stomach will thank you for not doing so!
Our waitress Elaine D was amazing.    Very attentive.    Great job
Today I meet nice lady name Elaine D who was our waitress and she was nice and very professional and she made our visit at Ruby Tuesday our best one yet at lunch time..
Great food, great prices. Love this place.  Elaine D was the best.  She suggested to upgrade to the full rack of ribs! Great advice they were amazing.  Hope to get Elaine with every visit!
The food was very good and well priced, salad bar was clean, everyone was friendly, but we really enjoyed having Elaine as our server. She was very attentive and made us feel welcome. She made sure we were taken care of and because of her we will be back!
Unpleasant experience. Food portions are smaller, Turkey Sliders were very salty. Salad Bar is lacking in variety and flavor. Service was spotty. Too bad because it's close to home but we'd have been better off at Wendy's.
Good food and service, even with a large group.
There was a little confusion of who my server was, I had to repeat my drink and appetizer order to 2 different servers. .. other than that the dining experience was flawless. The menu had changed a bit since my last visit here earlier this summer... For a drink selection I usually go with the Pyrat Hurricane but I notice a seasonal option called the Pyrat Blackberry Rum Runner. .. these things are dangerous as they have plenty of rum and just as much flavor. .. loved the small pieces of fresh fruit. ..had to have 2 since my first one only lasted about 30 seconds.I was slightly disappointed that I didn't get the usual plate of garlic cheese biscuits. ..also surprised that my server never mentioned them. ..a quick glance at the table advertisements verified that they still do have them. ..Bummer, as I always destroy these things but in hindsight it was a good thing because it left me room for dessert. For my appetizer course I went with the Asian Dumplings. ..these are always awesome and a must order, it's unfortunate though that some of the Ruby's don't carry this on the menu.Grilled green beans are no longer on the menu, but my server was more than happy to request the kitchen staff to make me an old favorite side item. ..I was tossed a bit on either ordering the Black Fire New York Strip or the Bacon Cheese Pretzel Burger and with a little help from my server I went with the steak. ..it came perfectly seasoned and a perfect medium... an awesome baked potato with butter and sour cream rounded out my entree selection. Next, the dessert round. .. pumpkin spice cheesecake. ..the first thing that hit me was the smell. .. nothing short of phenomenal! ... looks great and almost twice as thick as I usually see cheesecake in restaraunts, especially a chainMy service was awesome, server, James, was incredibly attentive and on top of everything instantly...I heard him dealing with other guests as well and suffice it to say this guy needs a raise or better yet a promotion. ..with each menu selection he would comment about the food and his own experiences with trying those items. .. this kid could upsell me the entire restaraunt if I had the money. ..  Definitely coming back. .. and soon.
So disappointed. Ordered food to go. Both my husband and I ordered the Smokey Mountain Chicken. We decided to pay the extra for Mac and cheese as a side...big mistake the portion was so small and it was COLD! I plan to upload a picture... My second side was the steamed green beans... They were still in the plastic bag marked "used by Mon". Our chicken was good, a little dry and the pieces were on the small side. We will likely not return whether it's eat in or to go. So disappointed because there really isn't a large selection in the area.
The service was pretty good for a chain restaurant, the food waswell prepared
Great place to stop in for a drink, a bite to eat, fast becoming a second "Cheers"The Hostess, the Bartender, The Wait Staff are all extremely friendly.  Even the Assistant Chef fixed a special order dish as best the could "on the spot" that was "TO DIE FOR".  Even the Hubby ate it.  I was astounded and had to call and tell his mother he ate spaghetti squash!  This place has become our "Cheers" hangout, after a night at the Opera or just for dinner.  Very enjoyable Atmosphere and the food is really and truly wonderful. The have gotten away from the mundane and spiced it up for the tastebuds!  Enjoy!
I went here for a quick drink and a bite to eat. I've dined at another Ruby Tuesday and wasn't impressed; however, I was asked out on a date and didn't want to appear uppity. The first observation was the lack of customers. We sat at the bar around 8:00pm and were one of a handful of people. I ordered a drink, the Ruby Relaxer, and the shrimp fondue. The drink was heavenly, although I can't  comment on the alcohol strength. Either I didn't taste the alcohol because it was made well or because there wasn't any in the drink. The fondue was "meh." It was a cheesy dip with pieces of shrimp inside. It would have been better if the chips weren't stale (sigh).
Food was OK but not good for the value. Sirloin was OK but a little bland for my taste.Service wasn't bad.Good place to go if you're hungry and want some food. Not especially memorable.
This place is disasterous! It smells moldy, the wait staff are lazy, immature, and the food is crappy! I order a simple burger that came to me hard as a rock, barely a strip of Baconand no cheese.  My friends came to us barely cooked. The worst part of my experience here is when I ordered I took it to go, then later found out how un-edible our food was. Called and complained , and the manager refunded our money, brought our new food to us. But the bar tender that rang me up charged me $20. I tipped her $2.00 for what idk, and she redeemed a coupon for $5.00 and pocketed the $5.   When the manager brought me my refund, she brought it back $5. Less than I paid, thinking I actually used the coupon. The people are crooked and trashy, I won't hive them another chance.
This place has gone downhill fast. Ordered fried shrimp and it was foul looked like the kind that you buy in the frozen food section
Came here today for lunch.  My server was awesome, paid attention without hovering. I got the backyard BBQ salad with a glass of wine, and carrot cake for dessert. All were delicious! The salad bar was up and running, which I do love, but I'm not sure I'm ready for that yet.
Dear Ruby Tuesday, no wonder you're going out of business.  We had 10 hungy people ready to eat and you turned us away? Because you only have one server and one chef? We would have gladly eaten the salad bar.  You still turned us away? I guess you don't want our money or do you not like bikers?
I have never been told that I can not be served and I need to leave a restaurant in my life, because I had a party of 5. If you need to shut your doors and not be open I could unstained that. BUT TO TOLD TO LEAVE AND TO BE RUDE ABOUT IT. LETS SHUT THIS PLACE DOWN !!!!!!!
No offense to Ruby, but my date and I went here sort of as a joke. We're on a tour of American chain restaurants and neither of us had been to Ruby Tuesday before. We were very pleasantly surprised! I wasn't expecting the food to be that good, and keep in mind it is still a chain that probably gets a lot of frozen stuff from large food distributors, but it was a lovely meal overall! We started with the spinach artichoke dip, which was my least favorite item of the evening, kind of bland and obviously processed. We split a Smokehouse Burger topped with BBQ sauce and onion rings (pretty good) and this Asiago Bacon Chicken dish that was the real winner of the night. Our server, Ashley, was friendly and quick to refill drinks. The molten lava cake could have used a little more lava but flavor wasn't bad. Skip the loaded tots though--the tots aren't crispy enough to carry the nacho cheese sauce and it just disintegrates into a lumpy mess.
Husband and I went for meal, the waitress had no idea what the specials were, and we had to inform her of what should be offered as far as happy hour and the new Tex Mex menu. She said no one ever orders from the Tex Mex menu so we skipped food and just got the salad bar. The place looked like it was still in COVID lock down, and people were turned away because of the wait (there was about 5 people in the place). The carpet was dirty, the poor waitress was taking all orders and pouring drinks, and we think she was making the food. Good bye you sad, sad place.
Alright, so the food was good.  The one star is for that.  It has been a long time since I had been to any Ruby Tuesday and at least I can say the food was up to par to what I remember. No stars for the service the evening I went with my cousins, last Saturday.  Did not know that they weren't seating parties of 8 (we had 2 4 people families). That's fine, but we came in TOGETHER so I would think that sitting them close to each would be the most appropriate thing to do.  Nope.  We were seated into the bar area and my cousins were in a booth. And not close.  My kids and her kids couldn't play and see each other and the adults couldn't talk.  Couldn't even see each other.  I wondered why, oh emyeah, because the tables were not cleaned.  Hmmmm... and then our waiter....please, he was more interested in cleaning the bar then taking care of his table.  I understand that it was 9 p.m. at night but guess what, a customer is still a customer. My cousin said their waiter was excellent and attentive.  Too bad we didn't have the same one.  When I went on to leave my review, I saw that this location got 2 and half stars.  I see why.  Again, food, Great.  Too bad the service didn't match the taste.
Food was ok bit not ok! I asked for a loaded baked potato and it was not loaded, had hardly no cheese, bacon, no butter no salt nor pepper. Took forever to get our food.  I will not recommend this place to anyone. Service was ok
This Ruby Tuesday is located along Virginia Beach Blvd. at the corner of Constitution Dr.  This is in the Town Center area of the city.  The place is easily visible from the road.  There is ample parking on site as well.  The outside of the place looks typical for all Ruby Tuesday locations I have seen.  My visit here was on January 1, 2021.Let's start with Covid-19 protocols.  Like most places, masks are required for entry and while not seated at your table.  Entry is also not permitted if you exhibit any symptoms related to Covid-19 as well.  There is hand sanitizer available as you come in.  Only select tables and booths are available to ensure proper social distancing.We got here around 12:15 pm that day for lunch.  We were immediately greeted and seated when we came in.  We went around the long way to our table to ensure social distancing.  Once seated, Quinn came to the table to introduce herself, give us menus to look over, and asked what we wanted to drink.  It had been a while since I had been to a Ruby Tuesday, so it took a little while to look through the menu.After looking over the menu and the inserts, my mom and I decided to go with the 2 for $22 deal.  For the starter, we went with the House Baked Soft Pretzels.  For the entrees, we both went with the Classic Cheeseburger.  We also added the Garden Salad bar as well.Once ordered, we were able to go to the Garden Salad Bar.  There are protocols in place here as well.  It is self-service, but gloves and a new plate are required each time you go there (they are provided there for you).  The salad bar is actually pretty big with lots of different options.  It turned out to be a really good beginning to lunch.  A little bit after eating the salad items, the soft pretzels came out.  The queso was a great dip to go along with it as well.After about 10 minutes, the burgers came out to the table.  The burgers were hot and the fries were as well.  The burgers were cooked to order and juicy too.  It was a really good meal overall for both of us.  We were definitely full by the time we left.Overall, this was a very good visit here.  Service was on point and the food was great.  I will definitely be coming back here in the future.  They also have an e-mail rewards program.  If you're in the Town Center area of the city, this place is still worth checking out for a meal.
Ordered Via UBER EATS - the delivery was prompt this review is strictly about the food service/meal.The food was poorly packaged leading for sauce to leak all over the other containers and inside the bag. Side sauces were incorrect, missing drinks and parts of the order, lastly the food arrived barely warm. Attempted to call the restaurant serval times - the automated answering machine redirected to the website and no availability to leave a voicemail.
What happened To Ruby Tuesdays lately? The food was horrible and the service was spotty. Food- the salad bar was not fresh or clean. I was a little scared of eating anything that was mayo based. The pasta was mushy, bland, and gray. The biscuits were dry and rock hard. What happened Ruby?Service- she wasn't bad but she definitely wasn't good. She hardly could keep our drinks full. We waited for her to come back to get the check but it took awhile. I don't think I will be returning to this or any Ruby Tuesdays. I'm kind of sad bc I can't find a good salad bar anywhere.
A friend and I went to this location a few days ago. Its getting two stars because the food was ok but everything else is lacking. We entered the building and a hostess held the door for us, that was nice but then she stood there looking confused as to where to sit us. Once we were seated we waited a while for someone to talk to us. Finally the waitress came, she was nice. I ordered the cider fizz and shrimp fondue. The cider fizz was apple juice with apple chunks floating in it. The apple chunks must have been sitting out because they were browning. The fondue was good but the chips were a bit stale. The issues we had is, the server would disapear for long times, and when we looked she was sitting at the bar talking in a huddle of other servers. I had to litterally wave my card in the air to get the check. The inattention to getting fresh drinks and what not was disapointing.
We came to have a delicious meal and instead we stood in the doorway for 10 minutes, 2 servers looked at us and kept moving. That seemed to be our sign to do the same, so we took our business to bahama breeze across the street.
Disgusting experience: My husband brought me here for lunch, of course like most women I had to use the restroom as soon as I walked in I noticed a toilet had a used dirty tampon just sitting in it! I went to a stall next to it, the seat was urinated on! Gross! The bathrooms are very disgusting and dirty, I had to personally notify the staff of the conditions. Next I ordered the Pretzel onion and mushroom burger with some kind of chipotle sauce, really nasty! The onions are battered and soggy in the burger, the sauce is overwhelming. I too ate from the salad bar, the vegetables were dried out and sitting in water. So personally I wouldn't waste my time or money coming here!
First of all a tip: sit at the bar at lunch during a weekday and save $2!  This place is pretty typical of most Ruby Tuesdays, they are welcoming when you get here, the restaurant is clean, the salad bar is up to par and the place gets you in and out, at least for the several times I've been there, for lunch so you can not end up taking a long lunch at work.  I love their Turkey Burger here and it does not disappoint.  Check out my picture on here for what it looks like.  I know it looks a bit burnt but I can assure you it's not, in fact the dark part is just crispy turkey and it makes the burger go from tasting good to tasting out of this world.  Try it with some extra ketchup and mustard and you will not be disappointed.  Who knew healthy could taste so damned good?
Plan on spending a long time here....  Took close to an hour to get lunch.....  Lots of patrons were looking around food their lunch......  Food was  nothing special..... Won't be back
We got a $10 coupon in the mail so, we had dinner there last night.  I normaly don't go to this type of place to eat but we had a coupon.  The service was very good, the food was pretty good too, I got the sirloin from their "new menu" and my friend got the ribs.  Both were cooked perfectly but were a little bland,  their "garden bar" is just the same old salad bar, not bad but you have seen it a million times.
Every time I come here, I have my fingers crossed that it will be better than the last time, but i am always disappointed in the food. The best way to describe it very BLAH. Everything feels forced and it just doesn't feel like that the people that work here give a ****.When I was seated at my table, it was sticky. I asked the waiter to wipe it down and it was still sticky! I asked to be seated at a table with a table cloth and the hostess explained that the lacquer makes the tables sticky over time. And I'm like - you know this and you do nothing about it? SMHHint to Ruby Tuesday managers: put table cloths on EVERY table!!!
I've had mixed experiences at Ruby Tuesday restaurants. I used to think of them as being on the higher end quality wise in comparison to other chains in their league--Applebee's and the like.I had lunch at the one in Hampton once and it was pretty good.But I ate at this one on VB Blvd not long ago and it was decidedly blah.I got a small steak and baked potato with veggies. The steak was OK, the baked potato had that microwave taste and the veggies were overcooked.The service was good. The food was just forgettable.
Gave them another chance. Waiters standing around and drinking alcohol on the job. Ridiculous.
I ordered through grubhub the order arrived in 30 minutes fresh hot looking just like the picture I love their plating it's absolutely amazing sweet potato fries accompanied they were delicious and not too salty the  Crunchy chicken sandwich was still crunchy LA crunchy and cook 2 perfection season 2 perfectionhad bacon  Cheese. nice soft toasted buttered roll. I had a gift card that they seemed not to be able to accept anymore for some reason but I but I will order from them again when I don't feel like cooking
Terrible service despite restaurant being less than 50% full. We were there 90 minutes for 2 kids meals and 2 adults.Restaurant is at 50% capacity.
Great dinner, fantastic service definitely the best we have had here in quite some time. Our server Alexis was the best making recommendations and explaining everything. She checked on us several times but not too many. The full rack of baby back ribs were truly tender and did in fact fall off the bone. The only item that was lacking was the upgraded Mac n cheese. It had very little flavor. Everything else was Great! We will definitely be back and hope the improvements continue because we truly enjoy Ruby Tuesday's menu.
This use to be a quality place to eat.  One of our favorites.  Today it was very wasn't. Today it was extremely dirty. The entry way stank and the glass was filthy. The lettuce on the bar was brown, half empty containers, unbelievably watery ranch dressing, and the glass cover was filthy. Food in the floor. Spatters of food on the side of unused tables. Not to mention our waitress brought us our waters and we never saw her again.  I got up to get my own extra napkins and had to request the hostess (very sweet but young) to find our wayward waitress to give us our check.  Never again.
Ok so hubby and I arrived and was sat quickly, waiter was good at first, until more people started arriving, seem like she was the only waiter although other waiters had come in. Had to remind for condiments I asked for, and also asked for extra napkins which never came, the waiter came back to our table clearly noticeable was our empty glasses, instead of asking if we need refills she asked if we needed to go boxes, I was literally chewing some food at the time, then the AC started blazing, clearly it was turned up. We did get refills. I will say the salad bar is always on point the times I've visited any Ruby Tuesday, they do pride themselves on that, so for that I will give 2 stars. Ok I will give 3 stars because they good about the Covid, however we probably won't be visiting any more of these establishments in the future.
I don't expect much from chain restaurants which is why I have to say "excellent job" to this location.  We had a pleasant server and our food was literally some of the best on our whole vacation.  How unexpected was that???  We had a great meal at a very reasonable price and we left happy.  Thanks to the chef here for the great food and the staff for a job well done!The shrimp and sausage pasta dish was excellent by the way!
Can't beat the bogo coupons they send. Burgers always good. We also like the ribs. Chicken Mac and cheese was surprisingly good too
The worst place to eat ever: looks dirty, ultra long wait to be served, the fries were very salted and tasted old oil. The waiter was incompetent.Avoid this place.
The only place in town (other than Golden Corral perhaps) to have the freshest, well-stocked, self-serve salad bar. It's $10 for unlimited trips, but how may trips does one really make to a salad bar?  Add unlimited soup to your order for a few bucks more. Soup and salad for $14?  A bit pricey, but for the selection at a restaurant-level quality level, it's a wash. RT's triple prime burger is actually quite good as well.  Service is hit or miss depending on kitchen staff.  My last visit took almost 25 minutes from food ordering to table delivery.  Previous visits ran less.
So....we usually go out our way and go to the Newtown location because the atmosphere at the Greenbrier location is old and gloomy. The decor needs to be updated and the waitress seems so "not want to be there". It made my happy hour drink sad :-(  It wasn't even that pack for happy hour neither.Nonetheless, the food altogether is the same no matter what bc of it being a chain. But for the lively bartender, updated decor, and cooler atmosphere I'm back to Newtown.
We went on a quiet Sunday night.  We were seated immediately in a booth where the spacing....wasn't quite right.  I'm a short--err, petite--person but even my legs were too long for the close proximity in this booth.  There were four of us and our feet were on top of each others'.  Ah well.  There's food and conversation to distract us.Our waitress took our food and drink orders at once and said the biscuits were in the oven so she'd bring them right to us when they're done.  No big deal--we all ordered the salad bar too.  The salad bar was well stocked but the plates were warm, probably straight out from being cleaned.  It just worried me that my salad would be wilted from the heat.  There was your typical iceberg lettuce, baby spinach, and some mixed greens.  At the other end, there was broccoli salad, pasta salad, potato salad.  Love the broccoli salad.The Hubs ordered a $5 Long Island Iced Tea and I think he got what he paid for.  I'm usually pretty sensitive to alcohol, but this drink tasted and looked like it was all sours mix.We were done with our salads when we noticed that people that were just seated behind us received freshly baked biscuits but our table sadly lacked them.  We brought this to her attention shortly after and she kindly brought the four of us two plates of biscuits.Three of us ordered sliders--I ordered the Ruby minis.  They were okay for what they are.  They're cooked well done; I'm not sure if you can request them to be cooked differently.  The slice of cheese covers less than half of the burger, but the pickle slice was crisp.  With as much meat as there is, each slider could use either a larger slice of cheese or maybe two pickle slices--or both!  The burger is rather dry otherwise.  ):  Our friend ordered the turkey sliders--those come with lettuce and tomato!  If you order the salad bar, though, you can just get lettuce and a tomato slice for your regular sliders.  ;DWe were definitely too stuffed for dessert.  The salad bar is the main reason we eat here, and it's probably the reason we would return.
The only thing I really eat at Ruby Tuesdays is the salad bar, which is amazing and the turkey mini's. I like restaurant's that have a good house burgers, but this place just goes overboard with the burgers and its like a whole day's calories. The service is normally fairly good. My last visit was a late lunch so it was not very packed, but they were fairly busy. Service did take a little longer than anticipated, but I assume it was because it was between meals and the servers had plenty of side work.
Tonight I dined at Ruby Tuesday's and I can tell you that the food is nothing to write home about but the service was!  Drew was the name of my waiter and he was outstanding.  When I mean outstanding, I mean that he couldn't have been more perfect.  The food is easily deserving of 3 stars but Drew's service was beyond a 5.I cannot tell you how much I appreciate this type of professionalism within any business.  It clearly is a rarity.
went in today for lunch,  The portions are small and we got a dirty knife. The place smelled like mold and the salad bar looked like it had seem better days.
The waitstaff was great. The food was good. No asparagus worth ordering though. Both times I'ce come here, they were puny and over cooked. This time they ran out, but offered me an option and I chose the tomatoes with balsamic vinagrette. They were tasty.
I'm not a particularly big fan of Ruby Tuesday only because I try to eat healthy, but strangely enough I've been to a couple around the area. The food is tasty, don't get me wrong, but I just prefer something a little less calorie intensive and less likely to give me cardiovascular disease.HOWEVER, this Ruby Tuesday is probably my favorite thus far. Mainly because the service here was fantastic. The food was pretty much the same as any other place and I thought their salad bar was well kept.
No response after emailing customer relations and providing information they requested.
Don't sleep on Ruby Tuesday'!!! They have amazing ribs, salmon and chicken dinners!! If you are craving a gray salad bar, they're the place for that too! Ruby Tuesday's has amazing coupons and daily deals; and we're still trying to figure out how they stay in business when they give food away at crazy prices! Check it out, you won't be disappointed. I gave them 4 stars because they closed the stores that were closed nearby!
Went there for lunch today and we both ordered the Garden Bar (we have always loved it). It was below sub par.  Most, if not all, of the food on the bar was OLD. Brown lettuce, dried up cucumbers, dry pasta salad, rubbery spinach and broccoli, squash salad was dry on top from sitting out so long. I tried to eat some of each thing and it all kept getting worse, so I asked to see the manager.  He was polite, and removed the $11.99 x2 for the salad bars off our bill.  The waitress came over with our revised bill and said "I looked at the salad bar and everything looked fine to me." When I started telling her everything I listed above she rudely interrupted me and said "wait...I'm leaving". And walked away.  If she didn't want to hear what I had actually experienced from the salad bar then why did she think it was ok to voice her inexperienced opinion?  She didn't eat any of it.  She had no idea how bad it is/was.  So I will not be returning because 1) they served old food and 2) rude wait staff named Autumn. If I could I would give zero stars.
My daughter and I stopped by on a Friday night for a meal.  The host was kind enough to put us in a socially distanced area.  NeNe was the waitress that helped us.  She was friendly, funny and made sure we had refills and everything we needed.  The dry rub ribs were delicious, especially with sauce on the side.  My daughter had the salad bar and loves the salad bar pasta.  Special thanks to NeNe for excellent service.
Would be great if the delivery and takeout menus were matched and easy to order from. I tried for over an hour to order a hamburger, fries and a dessert to be delivered. I finally gave up and ordered a shrimp and pasta dish just to get it done! It seams that you cannot get a simple order for delivery, but you can order family size meals. I almost did. This is frustrating!!
Ordered delivery today from "Libby's BBQ" and come to find out it is really Ruby Tuesday!!! Way to SCAM your guests!!! Never would have ordered it if I knew that in advance. The food and portions were average at best and the prices were EXTREMELY high compared to the other BBQ places in the area that serve better food. I will never be back and by the way a 90% health food grade SUCKS given the fact you get 2 extra point for mgrs. being serve safe certified. Assuming your mgrs. are certified??? your real score is an 88% a "B"!! Another SCAM!!!
This sign says staff wear a mask but the people in the back cooking the food do not have masks on and some of the staff are walking around with the mask half or entirely off their face. The manager has it hanging half off one ear so it's obviously not enforced. If management doesn't take it seriously the why would the staff.
Worst place in the area to order food. I ordered on line and they didn't have an item that was listed, so instead of calling me to change the sides they gave me something I don't eat. Trying to eat after surgery abs have to deal with this.  Called the manager Ryan and he said it's nothing he can do I need to contact ubereats even though my order say sweet potato and they gave me a baked potato  poor customer Service. He was rude and said if you want your money back you deal with them. I didn't ask about no money. I would like to eat
The 20-year-old hostess, the very first person you see when you walked through the door,  was not wearing a mask at all. And she said something like she wished everything were back to normal. The manager was aware of her not wearing a mask but said and did nothing. If the resto industry -- and all industries for that matter-- wants to keep functioning, then they should enforce strict rules for both employees and customers to protect people who care enough about their health and others. You would think they have sense enough to know this so as not to alienate their customers. I think the government should step in and make this part  of every resto's health inspection. P.S. Too bad their grilled chicken and chicken & broccoli were not so bad. And our waitress was fantastic. But eating in a resto isn't just about food-- it's also about experience.
This place never disappoints! Best and friendliest service around. The salad bar is always stocked and food is always delicious! If you want a pleasant dining experience in Garner don't pass on Ruby Tuesday.
This is a national chain. I tend to like them better than many other chains, because they have a fairly good salad bar. This particular location has been quiet the times I've been there, clean, and the salad bar well-stocked. The mini burgers, fries, and salad bar deal is a pretty good value, though it's certainly not haute cuisine. There are usually a great variety of burgers on the menu, and these have been good when I've tried them. There are a variety of other dinner entrees, as well.
Have not been there in a while but enjoyed the atmosphere. Ordered the grilled chicken sandwich as I didn't want a heavy lunch. It was alright and I had tater tots with it. You could choose a few sides, free of charge, to replace fries. There were other sides for an up charge fee. The plus side was, after I ordered it, the waitress told me it was the special for day. It was only 5.99. Been a while since I had a special for the day anywhere. Meet my frat brother for lunch since I was in his city. He ordered the salmon salad and it looked good. He really enjoyed it. Yes I would suggest the place.
Hubby got the philly steak and cheese hoagie and said it was wonderful. I got my salad bar as usual. Everything was fresh, clean and plentiful.  Gordan W. was our server. He was awesome. Very accommodating, polite and totally on point in every way. We'll be back!!
Everything was merely ok. I've had better Stouffer's meals.  The menu looked fabulous, however the reality was not so fab. Are they actually cooking in the kitchen or reheating pre-prepared meals?
Covid is nothing but a scapegoat for awful service. This place could give a crap less if I came in and ate or not. Stood at door for 5 minutes before being acknowledged. Place was empty. Got seated and no one acknowledges me there either so I left.
Walked in after traveling all day and was seated by the hostess. After waiting 15 minutes for a server, we left. Bartender was to busy flirting with a girl at the bar, other servers walked by us multiple times like we're not even there.
I have to say I strongly suggest skipping this restaurant. My wine came in a glass full of lipstick stains from a prior patron, my order took forever and I was incorrectly charged for the wrong, more expensive, chardonnay. The salmon on the salad was decent but I guess I  expected more than iceberg lettuce. My friend's meal was barely edible but she'll be posting her own review.
Let me say I understand the pandemic has caused a shortage of servers.  The manager customer service was worse than the  new server.  We waited an hour for our food which were quick pick options. They got the  order wrong then the portion of the side  items was ridiculous. They will not get my money ever again.
Never offered napkins l, only asked about another beer until I was finished and ready to leave. If the person at the bar would stay off FaceTime I might come back. Food was good 1 star for that,  customer service sucked.
The place needs renovation and thorough washing. We ordered grilled salmon and it was literally cold/frozen  inside, so we had to wait for another grilled salmon. Shouldn't they check temperature of the inside of meat or fish if it's cooked?..  Shrimp and scampi pasta was very plain. The only thing was good was smoked burger with fries. Soft drinks took too long to refill. We left disappointed with the experience.
Food is mediocre . I called ahead and confirmed with the bartender that they had kids eat free on tuesdays after 5pm. We had three adult meals and three kids meals . The manager refused to give us the kids eat free discount even though someone on the staff confirmed they were still offering the special .
Yeah Ruby's is a chain.  It was one of the original "brass and fern" restaurants, and I am thankful to see the brass and ferns have gone the way of the dinosaur.Item to disclose: I once worked for this chain.  In grad school, I made ends meet waiting tables Friday to Monday at Ruby's in Greenville, SC while taking and teaching classes at Clemson Monday to Thursday.  Waiting tables is back breaking work that makes you appreciate the value of teamwork and a hard day's work. Having worked at Ruby's for a couple of years, I would gladly dine at one.  But one thing I learned waiting tables: don't piss off your waitron.  He or she sees your food before you do.  I'll leave it at that.  It's been several years since I've been to a Ruby's.  This one on Delk is the closest to us but is still several miles away, but we are not often near by, and it's just easier to stay closer to home. However, we had to run by Team Ford to pick up the Wagon Queen Family Truckster after getting the airbag light fixed, so we were right in the area and opted to stop by.  Additionally, we happened to have a coupon as well!The decor has changed from the brass and ferns of years ago.  The place is open, airy, and decorated tastefully.  The bar is in the center of the restaurant, but you run into the salad bar upon entering.  Might not be the best spot for it, but I guess that's how they want to run it.  Although we didn't get the salad bar, it appeared to have plenty of items to choose from.The menu has changed as well.  Gone is one of my favorites: the teriyaki marinated sirloin. That item was a real pleaser!  The menu has a nice mix of fish, chicken, and steak, but I will admit that the steak choices seemed rather slim.  But there were plenty of fix items to choose from. I picked the Creole-seasoned tilapia with sauteed shrimp.  It was one of the best fish dishes I'd had in a long time!  My wife choose a chicken dish and was pleased but wished she'd gotten the fish.  You get your choice of two sides with a dinner entree, and the there are plenty of sides to choose from.  I got sugar snap peas and mashed 'taters.  The kids chose the mini-burgers and the chicken fingers, both of which came with ample fries. Refills arrived quickly, and they even refilled my younger son's chocolate milk at no extra charge.  Most places charge for each chocolate milk refill.  Maybe they normally do here, and we got off, but it was a nice perk either way.So yes, this is a chain, but I don't think you'll be disappointed if you attend.  We went on a week night, and it wasn't busy at all, but I cannot speak to what it's like on weekends.  It is a tad off the beaten path being on Delk Road, but at least it's convenient to East Cobb.
We wanted to go into the street last night to watch the second half of the SuperBowl, so we decided to go somewhere that the extended commercial break that was The Who's performance would give us enough time to drive to.  We went for Ruby Tuesday's.  The last few times we've gone there, its practically been empty, we wouldn't be surprised if they were to go the way so many other restaurants have in the last several years...We sat at the bar and found pretty quickly that this was going to be interesting, they TV's, which are typically on different channels were on different cable systems.  One was on regular cable, the other was on the box, so while we were waiting in suspense to see what happened on one TV, on the other, we already knew the outcome.  Oh, well...So, we ordered.  I got a plain old chicken sandwich and boy was it plain.  Plain tasting, plain looking, and just a standard chicken sandwich.  The fries were supposed to be bottomless, I guess my bottom was pretty shallow.  I got water, no ice and was treated like it.  I never did get a refill whereas the boyfriend who got peach lemonade had a non-stop supply that came to him constantly.  He got a pasta dish with chicken that was actually... umm... tasty.  That's usually unheard of in places such as this.  The salad bar was pretty good as well.
The food was burned and missing chicken from the dish. I
I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. On Mother's Day, I felt that I wanted to at least order my mother and I a steak since we couldn't do what we really want due to the Covid 19 outbreak. Now, before people say give them a break because of this, just know the similar restaurants in the same area are just known to be less than a pleasurable experience. I ordered online and my mother actually was picking it up to bring on the way to see me so that we may eat together. She called from up there to tell em the curb side was a no go because after 20 minutes of waiting no one came out so she went in. The manager was the one who dealt with my mother in saying that the order wasn't ready and didn't know when it would be. She also said the ticket number didn't matter because they were so overwhelmed and "everyone ordered steak". Not a good look. My mother handed her the phone because I called to see if everything was ok. The manager basically told me the same thing. If I hadn't paid ahead, of course I would have cancelled. I had my mother leave because I didn't want her having to do all that on Mother's Day. My husband went back up there and brought the order back almost two hours after it was supposed to be done. ( I gave them an hour because of Covid and it being Mothers Day). The steak was thrown together. There was no difference in the well and medium well done steaks and both were missing the salad. We did however get the baked potato but that was a no go because they decided to put bacon bits on it when that's not how we ordered it because guess what... you guessed it. I don't eat pork . This was ridiculous. I hope any other companies who decide to open back up during the pandemic is ready. This manager told me that they are open , but not fully staffed. They aren't fully open not ready to serve inside, curb side and to go like they say. Plus they had a line out of the door trying to figure out what happened to their online order and curbside orders. They may as well have opened their dining room up to full capacity because the way this was set up, there was literally no room for social distancing if that was their goal. Do better Camp Creek Ruby Tuesday !!!
Nice dining area, long wait just order food, short staffed, 3-cheese brisket sandwich okay. The cheese and Texas toast are good but the bacon-like brisket is too chewy and fatty filled. The fries are crispy good. The brisket tacodilla has the same issues as the 3-cheese brisket. Now the salad bar is a different story. That's still good & highly recommended.
The food was just ok to me. It did come out very hot so I could tell they just cooked it. I think the reason I gave it a 3 star was cause the drinks were very weak. So I was a little disappointed. I was hoping for a stronger taste but was disappointed. The staff was very nIce and accommodating. The waiter was also on point. He kept checking on us to see if we needed anything. Made sure our food was cooked like we wanted, and just a nice guy overall. The salad bar needed to be refreshed. I wasn't liking the choices. It looked like it had been picked over. So even though we got the salad bar I wanted it to have fuller. I will say once I started heading towards the door to leave a worker was at the salad bar replenishing the food but I was already leaving. I will come back because all in all it was a positive experience.
Jessica has to be the absolute worst waiter I have ever encountered . We went on a whim here and did we regret ever bit of it. If I could give negative zero stars I would happily do so. Non attentive staff makes the mediocre at best food 10x worse. This place needs to shut down. And Jessica needs to be fired for her lazy, non attentive, rude self.
10/10 dont recommend... hardly anyone in the restaurant and they have to hold the door for 45 mins... even a party of 2 had to leave.  lazy/rude management.
We ate here on Super Bowl night had appetizer, meal & drinks all things we had were good. We had no problem with service.
Service is very slow, kitchen seems to constantly be backed up. Prepare to wait quite a while.
15 minute wait to be seated when the restaurant was at less than 50% capacity, they are understaffed.  The salad bar was not well maintained, the food and dressings were all mixed. The salad plates were dirty, had to go through 5 before finding a clean one.  My drink glass was dirty as well. The food was not prepared well, some parts over cooked and some under cooked.  The runner took my wife's meal to another table then back to the front again before brining it to our table as if it were something to show off to everyone.  I remember when Ruby Tuesday was a nice place.  We were disappointed by everything except out waiter.
We have been there three times each time the salad bar has been amazing as for the rest of the food not so great me and my wife both ordered steaks and our 10-year-old daughter ordered the salmon the food was horrible I believe roadkill would've tasted better should've went to Arby's across the street this is the third time in A six-month period the service was great the food was horrible will not be a fourth time eat at your own risk go to Burger King or McDonald's you will feel better afterwards
This place has gone downhill in the last 6 months. My last 2 visits I had poor service. There were only a few people in the restaurant and the service was extremely slow. I had a cockroach crawl across the wall of our booth and saw a 2nd above the door! I will NOT be back!
Bad service.  I understand you're busy but some friendliness isn't very difficult.  If it's hard for you to be polite or smile don't get a service job.
For a table a table of four, all of our food was delicious. My chicken pasta had a nice helping and the chicken was moist and delicious. The hospitality is at an all time low. Our waitress was not friendly and did not know the menu. She came back to the table countless times to clear our plates, ultimately making everyone feel rushed to finish the food, (we were no where near finished) and only managed to refill one out of four drinks, during her multiple trips. We also had to repeatedly ask for sauces she had forgotten to bring to the table. It took a long time for us to order our food and even longer for it to be served, after it was ordered. The restaurant barely had even 13 people in it, so the slow service is still unexplained. Overall, if you come to eat at this Ruby Tuesday's expect great food, but not a good time.
Unfortunately, there is no option to give zero stars. That is exactly what this Ruby Tuesday's location deserves. The service is slow, and the wait for food is entirely too long.      On one outing, I arrived with a party of six. Four were given their food before the other two. The other two had to wait 25 minutes to get their food. There was no apology from a manager, just a feeble excuse from the server that "the kitchen is slow."   During my final visit to the restaurant, in addition to the poor service I received, I witnessed a couple leaving the restaurant, telling the hostess that they were leaving because they were not seen by a server. Another woman had to get up to ask the hostess to find her server because her table needed drink refills.    This restaurant is a miserable representative of the Ruby Tuesdays chain.
First let me just say I thought the elderly people sitting next to me were going to have a heart-attack when Aerosmith began blaring over the speakers. Not only was the service slow, with hardly anyone in the place, but since when is a crab cake supposed to look  like  a pancake?!  Too many items on the menu that are "Cajun-like". Im sorry, if I want real Cajun food I just don't think of Ruby Tuesday. After returning my food, I got an apology from the server, whom was nice, but never saw a manager. I went home hungry....that's not good.
Let me share with you my last two visits to Ruby Tuesdays'.  My first visit after a very long hiatus was about 2 weeks ago in Conyers, GA.  The food was okay for chain food however when we were served their muffins/biscuits or whatever they call them, our party of four were served a total of 4 muffins.  Now if you haven't been to a RT, a muffin is about the circumference of a quarter and about 1-1/2" high at most.  Four mini muffins for 4 adults seem silly but I thought that perhaps they were running low.  I then began to think of how many I would receive if I was dining by myself.  If only one, would it be served under a cover and revealed to me in a flourish?  Or would I receive two or maybe even three.  After dinner, I went to the men's rooms and you can guess, my "radar" was turned "on" for muffins.  I saw only one couple whose dinner had not arrived yet and they had 5 muffins.  Hummmm.Last night I went to RT in Loganville, GA and again we were a party of 4.  Guess how many muffins, we were served.  Yep, FOUR.  So off, to the WC for an unnecessary visit but rather an opportunity to see what couples or individuals were being served.  You guessed it.  One couple had 5 and another had 4.  So my first sentence is figuratively and literally true.  I will not return to RT for their mediocre food and their miserly servings of muffins, which by the way are not that great anyway.
A few years have gone by since the last time I've eaten at Ruby Tuesday's. It had gotten to be pretty, pretty blah. Anyway...a little while ago, some friends of ours told us that they had a new menu and that they had completely redone the interior. So what else is there to do than go back and try it. I must say it is much better!  The room was put together much better than it use to be and the menu update is soo much better than what I remember. We only got an app and salad bars, but even the salad bar seemed fresher. The fixings (even on a late Sunday afternoon) weren't all soggy from a day of siting out.  Which is definitely different from my memories. All in all, updates are great and the service we got was excellent. Our server was super friendly.
Hadn't been to this location in well over a year.My husband and I were very disappointed. We were very surprised that the endless salad bar was an additional $5.99. In the past you could always get it as a side with your entree. However with inflation we were understanding that restaurants have to raise prices. But the salad bar was not well stocked and missing several items. If we have to pay $5.99 you would think that it would be well maintained. We did not have a problem with our service, but overall the restaurant was dirty. We will not be returning. What a shame! It had always been one of our favorites.
Hi Service was excellent this visit we ordered the Ribs and salad bar and once again the ribs were very dry and side portions small we didn't bother saying anything because we don't like to send food back, also the salad bar could use more items or at least kept full so your not getting end of the bowl stuff with other food always being mixed in gross.  we went at5:30 on a Thursday wasn't that busy so you would salad bar would be kept up we will be back just was little disappointed for the $55 we spent
We had had some issues before trying to order the emailed specials for the day using the app. Essentially they won't let you order what they emailed you ...you have to call it in. Ok. I call it in and I made the dinners the same just to be easier. The special was 10.99 for 6 oz steak dinner and 11.99 for 6 oz ribeye. (we are seniors so 6oz is ok). He shows up to pick up the order and instead of 2x 6 oz steaks we have 2 full size and full priced steaks. He gives up and just takes it because waiting another 30-45 minutes was worse. He brings the food home and it's also not cooked correctly. So the 25.00 special was 50.00 and not at all what we wanted. I have finally given up on Ruby!!
How this "restaurant" is still open is beyond me!There must've been one cook. One rookie cook. Despite slow and poor service, the meals were terrible--there was 15 of us, EVERY dish was overcooked! I ordered medium-rare and was served a dry old well-done burger; fries weren't bad, though. Same with all the other burgers at our table (and the salmon, steak, and chicken).Our app with guac consisted of maybe 20 chips. We ended up eating the remainder with our spoons. We did ask one of the servers for more but she must've forgot because she never did return. If I could give this rating a zero stars, I would! I don't see this place sticking around much longer.
I am very pleased with this Ruby Tuesday. It was my first time eating here and I got a salad with chicken and asked for a couple things to be take off of it and I got exactly what I asked for. There was a really nice selection at the salad bar and everything was fresh.
My kids and I ate here and we all enjoyed it. The food looked and tasted good, the restaurant and bathrooms were clean, and the server was friendly.
I read the reviews while we were waiting for our food and was really scared.  I have to say, both previous reviews had some valid points but I think they were very low for what it was.  I had the Grilled Salmon, mom had Chicken Tenders and Salad Bar, and my partner had the Chicken Fresco with the Salad Bar.  For me, the salmon was cooked close to perfection.  The mashed potatoes were a bit salty but not too much that it was not edible.  Mom and my partner seemed to enjoy their salads and their respective entrees.  I had a bite of the chicken and I liked it.  Mom said their chicken fingers were extremely good.  The service there was very good.  The South really has very courteous servers.  The server was very attentive with filling up our drinks.  I'm not sure if the food came somewhat on the slow side but I think I was just jealous of my companions.  They had their salad while I had to wait for my entree.  The previous reviews were a bit harsh.  If you really looked at their menu, they have more than just spicy or Cajun dishes.  Some sides were a tad salty but not that bad that I wouldn't eat it.One more thing, I have never been asked if we wanted separate check anywhere before.  Is it a southern thing?  Every where we've been in TN always has asked us if we wanted separate checks.
Everything on the menu is spicy or Cajun.  You cannot order shrimp for kids without it being spicy.  There is no such thing as a low sodium entree.
Eh...was not impressed with the salad bar. Even the hamburger was cold.
After an outrageously long road trip me and my best friends family we were so starving we had been waiting all day for a great ruby Tuesday burger but when we got there the disappointment was just waiting for us The waiter took very poor care of us she only checked in on us one time I find that completely unacceptable our food was messed up and half of us didn't even get the right order it was horrible the burger was soggy and the fries were not done well I am completely and utterly disappointed this is not OK I will not be going back to Alabama to try a Ruby Tuesday burger ever again unacceptable!!!!!the only good thing there was my root beer!!!!
I went with a friend for dinner. Wasn't that busy, wasn't that clean.  We ordered two sandwiches and it took a while to get it.  I had the pulled pork, it looked nothing like the picture. More fat pieces than meat.  The homemade chips are way too salty.  Service was slow. People behind us complained about their food.  There are better places around the area to eat.  Another review said it was either hit or miss.  This was a miss and I will not be back to try to get a hit.
This place is always a hit or miss. This time it was a miss and service was below satisfactory
I haven't eaten here in a long time. We Decided to go for dinner. We were looking forward to the salad bar. There weren't too many other customers dining and several tables still had dirty dishes on them. We were seated promptly. Two of the lettuce options were empty as were three or four of the other topping items. We still found enough to fill our plates! The server was pleasant. His only fault was taking for ever to bring our change. We needed to be somewhere at a certain time. I'd go back if in the mood for a big salad.
My friends and I stopped by here on our way home from a ladies retreat. I had to call them to discover it was in between the Belks and the Macys, across from the Outback restaurant. We were a group of 6 and the folks were friendly from the moment we walked into the door. They set us at a 6 top booth and the server was very prompt in getting our drink and food orders. We didn't wait to long for refills and getting our food order and any items needed to complete it, ie: A1 steak sauce; took no real time at all. Will definitely go back next time I am in the area.
Stppped in while having my truck serviced.  Ordered a beer and the Philadelphia Steak Pot Stickers.  Lukewarm and if there was any steak in them, it must have been sliced with a razor blade.  Watched an employee drop a pair of tongs on the floor at the salad bar, look around and put them back up.  The beer was refreshing though.
Is Ruby Tuesday's bis model to be in malls?  Good for them.  I like to sit sometimes and not in a loud food court.  This place was typical.  Decent food, friendly staff, clean.  I always get a big fat burger and my wife almost always gets salad bar.  It isn't the greatest in the world but it is so much better then dealing with the food court.
Mall Ruby's.    Like the others, decent salad bar.  Decent drinks.  Decent appetizers and entrees.  As Bubbles might say, "Deeeecent...".  Chain store so there isn't a lot of variance and this one is as good as the next.  If you want legit quality don't go to the mall to eat but if you are there and want a drink with your food you could do worse.
Disgusting. About 5 of us ordered a burger medium - well done and they were PINK. All of us felt sick as well as the one who got the Mac and cheese, that one puked. Took 2 hours for no reason and we were served last after people who got there after us. We had to walk up to pay as it took well over 10 minutes to grab the card reader because we were so over it. I hate ruby fucking tuesdays
My fiance and I came here for lunch since we were in the area. I of course expected the garden bar to be open, which I had read online was reopened with COVID safety precautions in place, but it wasn't open. When I tried to order a shrimp fajita with no peppers, the server gave me a hard time about it. I didn't realize requesting to NOT put something on a plate was so difficult.
We had a reservation for 8 people and we walk in and the lady who was very rude asked for our name and we had told her, then she said it was for 2. Terrible service.
This service sucks. Never eating here again. I would rather go to governors. At least their servers are friendly and check in on you. This is ridiculous. Sat for an hour while the server walked  circles around us. She never once asked how the good was outdated when the food would be out. She obviously does like her job or know what she is doing. Only talked to us when we placed our order. That's it. Ridiculous!!
My family ate at Ruby Tuesday in Presque Isle Sunday, November 3rd, 2019. Our waitress was Donna.  She was polite but got all of our orders mixed up.  She had to bring back food to the kitchen because someone started eating the wrong food that she gave them.  She brought a meal with French fries when they specifically ordered onion rings.  My mother-in-law only got her meal back when the rest of our party was done eating.  She just simply asked for it to be boxed up.  She left not eating her lunch.  My daughter and I ordered chicken enchiladas.  They looked good, but when we ate them they had a horrible aftertaste.  They had bacon in them and the cheddar cheese was very strong.  My daughter excused herself to the bathroom because it made her stomach so upset.  I just didn't eat anymore of mine. My daughter and I left without eating lunch. The manager was good to not charge us for the enchiladas.  It seems that the quality of food and the quality of wait staff has gone WAY down hill.  We won't be eating there for the foreseeable future.
Dropped my girlfriend off at the door and went to park, about 5 min later I walk in and she is standing next to the host who wouldn't acknowledge her then a girl walks in and says hi Jeremy can I put my name on the list right in front of us. Sorry to say this isn't the first case of terrible service at this location but it will probably be the last.
This restaurant has gotten a bad rap from other reviewers. We had a wonderful experience here. While being stuck here during a blizzard we stopped by to eat. The food was excellent. Asiago bacon chicken was amazing. Rest of food was good. Service was great. Our waitress had been an employee for 25 years here she said. She took time to chat with us and was extremely pleasant and helpful. Is it possible to have a bad experience, sure. But if every experience was horrible the place wouldn't still be open. Shout out to the three employees who braved the blizzard so we could have a meal that wasn't cooked in our hotel microwave. You are appreciated.
This is the worst place I've been to.    The chicken burger look like it had been in the fryer for 25 minutes.....
It has been a while since my family and I had been to Ruby's. We went to our local restaurant at Presque Isle. While waiting for our food, we couldn't help but notice the silverware was filthy with a film and dried bits of food in spots. We also asked about their usual garlic/Parmesan bread knots which they apparently no longer have. My husband ordered the triple mega mushroom with Swiss. There was no sauce on the burger (which was burnt on one side) and when he asked the waitress she told us that all their burgers are served dry* when the menu clearly says there's an RT specialty sauce on that sandwich. With a huff she returned with his sauce. Then my 4 y.o asked for more chocolate milk and the waitress says no...I looked at her and was like yes my child would like more milk and she replies it's a dollar more are you sure...it was then my husband spoke up and told her we would indeed like more milk. Thanks waitress for looking out for our wallets but we probably would have stayed home if we couldn't afford to eat out. We will not be going back..food was mediocre at best and service was horrible.
Went here after a soccer game and needed to recharge my family.  The host sat is in the corner in a very dirty section of the restaurant. There were plenty of other areas to sit so one would have thought the section would have been closed until cleaned.  However, that was not the case. In fact, another couple that came in after us asked to be moved because of how dirty it was.  When the host sat them, he said "the floors may be dirty but the table is clean".  Not something one wants to hear when visiting a restaurant. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive, however, that's where the positive comments stop.  The appetizers came out with the "xtra chips first" and the queso dip second.  My kids get one of those each so when one comes out piping hot and the other barely warm, it's noticeable.  Before we received out own meal, we heard the manager apologize to the table behind us for undercooked salmon.  Which, incidentally, is what I ordered.  Sadly, my salmon was an over compensation for table behind us as my was severely overlooked.  We go back to Ruby's every so often to give it a try as my kids like the queso dip. However, this evening, as a family, we decided we will not be visiting his establishment again.
This is a typical chain restaurant in the local mall.  The food was standard fair, nothing to write home about.  My colleague was not a fan of the Jambalaya.  I had the fish tacos and they we're decent because the vegetables we're fresh but the fish didn't have much taste.  The bar tender was friendly and the drinks were fine, a good spot for a quick meal.
Located in Aroostook Center Mall, Presque Isle, Maine, you can't go wrong.  I had sirloin steak with baked potato and salad bar.  Food great and plenty of TVs.  I am staying at Hampton Inn and is just .3 miles away so easy walk too.
I go there every month or two and am never disapointed.  I usually sit at the bar alone.  It is friendly, reasonable beer & wine choices.  Usually get various apps +/- salad bar.  have tried several entrees, always good, and I am never disappointed.  Food is about beverage and prices are quite reasonable. In my opinion there's no better place to eat in Presque Isle
Unpleasant at best.  Burger ordered med rare was raw and cool in center.  Asked for no fries on my order. Jay asked for baked potato.  We both got fries.  Manager came over but showed his disinterest very clearly and mild irritation was obvious from his attitude.  We were comped for dinner and drinks but we were  there for a birthday celebration and won't go back.
The food was good, the salad bar was very fresh. I had the salmon, and was pleasantly surprised. Some reviews talked about the bar being bad, my guess is there was someone there who isn't anymore. If you like ruby Tuesday chain, this is a decent one, albeit somewhat small.
Won't be back for a while. Food was less than par and when we had it sent back manager did nothing but apologize. Not asking for a lot here, just come good on your poor product.  Beers good tho.
Hadn't gone to Ruby Tuesdays in quite a few years due to horrible food and service.  They apparently have made some changes for the better.  The food was a lot better than it had been in the past - everyone enjoyed their meal and the service was great.  Will return sooner!
Walked in at 1:30 pm on Friday. Sat at the bar, no bar tender anywhere. Left after waiting 15 minutes. Horrible service.  Left a bad review on their website as well, and got contacted my a manager hundreds of miles away the next day.  He sent me a $10 gift certificate vial email.  Not even worth my time.
One of my fat places the freshest salad bar.  Always clean and quick service!  Very customer friendly
A shadow of its former self. You will find a scant all-you-can-eat salad bar for 12 plus dollars. You will not find pasta, chips, salsa, soup, or much of anything. The coconut shrimp was fair but expensive and a fairly small portion. The ice tea was very good. I would avoid this restaurant for the foreseeable future.
We were on the road heading to Arizona. We stopped at the Ruby Tuesday's for lunch. We ordered our meal to go to eat it in the RV. The Backyard BBQ salad was nothing but burnt chicken (no BBQ sauce) and lettuce. It was missing all of the other ingredients, including the dressing. Returned it for a new one. This time it had all the ingredients but very little lettuce. The BBQ sauce was drenched on the salad, and it had the same burnt chicken as I took a bite out of the one I returned. There was the piece I ate. The restaurant was empty so there was no reason for this type of service. Definitely not worth the $14.00.
My son and I got the smothered bbq sirloin. The sirloin was tough as leather! And, they didn't put bacon on it as advertised. Service was good. It's pretty bad when the broccoli was the best thing on the plate!
Oh gee --- I tried to really think about how I could rate this experience better than 1..   The server was a 4 as she was trying her best.... but if this is how this place is managed...  will never go to another Ruby Tuesday's again.Went to Ruby Tuesday's across the street from our hotel.  Tried to go to a Mexican restaurant which is normal for us when out of town ---  but it was Cinco De Mayo so ---- all forget going to a Mexican restaurant unless you want to wait for an hour and ...  well...  never mind.The parking lot was nearly empty so thought a good choice.... WRONG!!!  Only two servers and one bartender.  Most of the tables were empty because no one was working.  Hostess was sweet, kind, and very nice!!  Told us it would be about a 25 minute wait so ...  we did.  Once we were seated we decided to share a few Mexican appetizers since Mexican food is one of our favorites and the salad bar looked less than appealing --- which was the original plan.   Ordered two appetizers -- one was the nachos and didn't want the bbq sauce (yes, on chicken nachos) so asked if we could get salsa.  The server was very accommodating...  We also ordered the bean and chicken quesadilla.  Food came up in about 20 min which was okay based on the fact that very few people were working.  The food was warm at best ---  the quesadilla was about a 6 and was pretty good --- light on fillings and seemed like a small portion --- but the best food we had!The nachos --- Well --- really, really not good!!  The chicken was not cool but seemed to come  out of the refrigerator..  The cheese was lumped like nacho cheese but lumpy and cool...   The salsa --- well, it was the warmest food on the plate but it wasn't salsa -- IT WAS MARINARA!!!Our server came by and I kindly let her know that the kitchen probably accidentally gave us marinara instead of salsa...  and she said ---- "They said they are out of salsa and this was the closest thing they had.."  WHAT????    A side a marinara with our nachos and they thought we wouldn't notice it wasn't salsa???????????????????$30 later and we should have gone to Taco Bell for a much BETTER DINNER as this was the horrible!!!  Tipped our server for doing a great job as we were thankful she came to work.Ruby Tuesdays --- WOW --- Never so disappointed.  Before COVID and the world we used to live would have never put up with this...   Thanks for coming to work ---  Good luck staying open with this type of food!
They took care of us on Thanksgiving. Ten of us on deck. The customer service was decent but they attitude was Great
Tori was so great. She was the best server. Very sweet and easy going with my young kids and they can be a lot and talk quite a bit:)  She was great at getting refills and everything came out perfect. Food was great. We will be back!
Drove to Litchfield to enjoy Ruby Tuesday, it was a Sunday, they didn't have the garden bar open and sat for 10 min finally asked someone who was waiting our table
So we are doing the historic Route66 and needed a good dinner during the pandemic. Just happened to see this Ruby Tuesday and thought they might be open. Not until Friday but the manager, Sam, was absolutely wonderful. He brought a table outside so we could enjoy a great dinner. Our lovely waitress, Jan, did a great job. Very personal. It was so nice to sit and enjoy a tasty meal during this crazy time.Hubby had a 6 oz. steak that was cooked to perfection and I had chicken in a cream, mushroom sauce that was to die for. If we ever get back to area will definitely stop again.
1 because I cant give a 0. Gross!!! We ordered online and the whole order was messed up. The mashed potatoes that we didn't even order were gray in color and inedible. Probably sat there for days. The ribs were disgusting and tasted like they've been sitting there for a while as well. The lettuce in the salad was almost slimy textured, sour and brown. Very disappointed. Don't recommend. We got nothing we ordered and what they did give us was disgusting and inedible. Waste of money.
Dirty dishes on the table next to me the whole time I was sitting there and the place wasn't busy at all, so I know the staff could have taken care of that.  Out of coffee To-Go cups. :/.
Not a fan but my guy totally loves their full rack of ribs and salad bar. I ordered the ribeye, which can always be a little iffy ordering steak from these type of franchises. It wasn't bad! Not full of fat or grisly. Flavor just okay. Baked potato and broccoli standard for this kind of place. The shrimp were a huge disappointment! They were breaded, flavorless and cold inside. Tasted like they breaded some shrimp that were like shrimp cocktail. Don't order the flavored lemonade unless you want diabetes. This is two star rating, however it's an improvement from a visit in June.
My daughter & I went to this location for lunch on MLK day. We were very impressed by the amount of spacing the severs sat each table, all employees wore their masks & inside was clean as well. My daughter noticed for the salad bar you had to get wore disposable gloves which was great to see.   My daughter order the smoked house burger well done w/ the bbq sauce on the side w/ fries & I ordered order the honey chicken sandwich w/ fries (honey mustard sauce & onion rings on the side) & spinach artichoke dip with chips. Everything was order to perfection & all our food was delicious. We felt very safe dining inside during lunch time since it was minimum people at this time.   A tip; sign up for their emails to get a free appetizer w/ $10 purchase of email & also you will receive a free meal for your birthday (long expiration date which is a plus) & also you can dine in or carry out for either promotion which is amazing. Sorry, we did not take pictures of our food this time.
Disappointing $85 dinner for a family of four.   Out of several menu items we wanted (veggie pizza on special).  We were overcharged for beer -- charged as craft beer but it was domestic beer, this was corrected.   Son complained about burger taste so we tried it and it was not very good.  Service was good, only positive experience from our visit.
we ordered delivery service. this does not matter to the service but I think the restaurants think they can omit and shave off how much food to give the people."Southwest Fried Chicken Bowl$10.29Diced chicken tenders served over cilantro lime rice, corn, shredded cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, and fresh avocado. Topped with sour cream and tortilla strips."here is what I got. a hand full of food which consisted of mostly lettuce and rice with chicken. the chicken was present. which it better be. some cheese. no pico, corn or avocado that I could witness.  little sour cream and the tortilla strips were stale and inedible.the bowl of soup for $5 was no more than a cup of soup.sorry ruby, no more from me
I love this place, I always get a meal and then the salad bar. I normally take my meal home, because of how great the salad bar is. I love a shrimp pasta dish they offer. The pasta is great, and the seasoning on the shrimp is even better. But I love their salad bar, with pasta choices, and so much more. I also love the rye croutons.
I loveeee this place. This is the only Ruby Tuesdays I've ever been to, but I am very impressed! Friendly service every time, hot food every time, and no wait time! I don't understand why this place isn't packed EVERY DAY! Keep it up, I love it here!
Only.reason it's a rating of 4 is because when my man and myself went there for lunch. We ordered the ribeye steaks. But it would have been nice for the server to inform us that they didn't have anything to put on the steaks other than Worcestershire sauce when we were ordering because we may have wanted to change our order. But we weren't informed until after our steaks were brought out.
The "Boneless Wings" were absolutely horrible.  All breading, very little children and so much vinegar you actually gag.  1/3 of America is diabetic or Prediabetic and they have NOTHING but salad they can eat.
So here's my opinion and it is just that.  Ruby's is always a hit or miss.  I never go in expecting great food or service. I am never surprised when things aren't tasty and I have never been surprised with amazing food either. Generally the staff is friendly.  It is a decent place to take a family
Except for the staffing shortage - which seems to increasingly be impacting the industry - I liked my two times there this year. As long as they keep that salad bar fresh, tho use croutons addictive, and the apps hot - were happy (also good experience at the one near BWI last week)
I am beginning to think the franchise has a problem. The Ruby Tuesdays I used to visit in Rosslyn (since closed down) was pretty terrible in regards to service, availability, and choices. It was a few years since visiting any of their establishments, and was hoping it would be a nice experience, especially so close to where I live. I'll just say that it fell below my expectations, and even then, they weren't that high.It's understaffed (at least when I visited) which leads to an overworked waiter/waitress, which then leads to mistakes. My wife's order was incorrect, my burger came out thirty minutes ahead of her meal, and it took an additional 10 minutes to be given the ketchup I had asked for.I really dislike giving bad reviews, I try to look at the best in everything, but without saying a word to each other during the lunch due the awkward nature of the environment, the first thing my wife and I said to each other (as if it were rehearsed) is, "We're not coming here again."That quote should tell you enough about our experience.
Celebrated a birthday here for a large party and it was solid. I ordered the hickory bourbon half ribs with shrimp and my sides were tater tots and grilled zucchini. The baby back ribs were delicious. Tender, flavorful, and fall off the bone. They didn't get enough sauce which is why I asked for more on the side. The other items were fine. Shrimps were kinda small so I would've just ordered a full rack instead of half rack of ribs. Our waitress also did a great job of making sure we were all taken care of. Solid dinner spot.
Came in today with my family and from the very start i knew things would be bad. I can't give the waiters name because he never told us he just had on a buffalo bills face mask. Our problems started with the drinks that he kept messing up because he refused to write our order down. As we moved on to ordering our food he continued to get the order wrong as we placed it. I looked at my wife and told her be ready because our food is coming out wrong. Sure enough 1 hour later our food comes out and my burger is beyond under cooked. My wife's steak is so tuff that she couldn't even chew it. Our daughter's burger was overcooked she didnt even touch it. All the waiter said to us was we can order something new ?! Why do you can bring that order out wrong as well. My advice is that management have waiters write people's order down and not try to remember them the odject is to work smarter not harder.
This is definitely one of my more favorite Ruby Tuesdays restaurants.  I like the new decor they have going.  It has a nice warm feel to it.  The salad bar is clean and kept up pretty well, and it has a decent number of choices and options.  The drinks and food are good; their burgers at this one are cooked spot on and quite tasty.  Also, the service is great too.  Out of all the Ruby Tuesday's I've been to, this one has pretty consistently been on the mark.
the veggie burgers at ruby's have ALWAYS been trife.  The fact they were out of them and they JUST opened 2 weeks ago is insane.  More so after I go back to my folks house and they tell me they tried to go there for lunch and it was CLOSED.  get it together R.T.  Dusty was a very attentive waiter, however because he failed to pick my sisters first 6 empties of diet coke, she immediately said she was gonna yelp him.  Sorry dude.  The artichoke and spinach dip was pretty tasty and the ruby tea was pretty excellent as well.  i only hope its some rip off pom they are using (the pom brand tests on animals......) however, seeing the paltry selections they have for vegetarians, i doubt it.  wish we'd gong to cheeseburger in paradise, that place is AWESOME.  in fact, i'm gonna yelp them RIGHT NOW!
After enduring TWO HOURS of traffic to meet my sister near our parents' place, I was starving. I had to pick up ingredients at the Harris Teeter on Hoadly Road (one of few places that carries Swiss chard to my knowledge) for my Swiss Chard and Goat Cheese Strudel I was making for a potluck today at work. We were planning on hitting up Z Pizza in the same shopping center, but we agreed that neither of us felt like pizza.Around the corner is a brand-new Ruby Tuesday's. My sister is not a fan of the chain, mainly because she's vegetarian and their veggie burger "blows," but I love baby burgers and Cheeseburger in Paradise blows (you can quote me on that)--so she relented. We are seated within minutes and shortly thereafter place our orders.I ordered the minis and salad bar combo for $8.99, not bad. Two baby burgers and salad bar--the only things I love about RT's. My sister ordered the veggie burger (no mayo) and seriously, it was the ONLY vegetarian-friendly entree on the entire menu. In addition, only TWO of the appetizers are veggie-friendly. Boo on you Ruby!I am excited to tear up the salad bar, but my sister harshes on my mellow when I ask her "Do you want me to grab you anything?" and she replies "No, I lived in New York, I know how bacteria-ridden those salad bars are." Whatever that means. My appetite is stifled a bit.Halfway through my salad, our waiter, Dusty, comes up and says, "Bad news. We're all out of veggie burgers." My sister and I exchange glances. Awkward! I'm already eating, and my sister pretty much can't eat anything else. Dusty offers to give her a free salad bar, but given my sister's aversion to such installations, this doesn't fix the problem. What a fatal move--he should have known they were out of veggie burgers when we ordered. And they just opened. How is it that they are out? It's not like vegetarians are flocking to the place. He says "I'll go ask the manager what I can do." I run over the options with my sister. Spinach and artichoke dip? Queso? A side of mashed potatoes with a side of baked potato? (Their only non-potato veggie side is broccoli, oh and rice pilaf.) He returns and says "Well she said you can order the Club House Salad without the chicken." Genius. In the end she opts for the spinach and artichoke dip, which is actually pretty good. Very spinach-y. My baby burgers were standard--which is still awesome according to my tastebuds. The fries are over-salted and uber-starchy, but that's just as well so I don't eat them all. My sister also order a Ruby's tea, iced tea mixed with Pom Juice. That was tasty.The bill arrives. We were charged for drinks, even a refill of the Ruby's tea. The bill is $18, nearly half drink charges. Come on Dusty, if you ever wanna ascend to the ranks of the Occoquan Inn, you need to learn the basic rule of drink-comping when you fudge a meal! I normally tip 20%, but dusty got a mere $2--He's gotta learn somehow.
[Review is pre-pandemic]Came here twice, once with a large group of 8 people and other time with just another co-worker. Service is slow even when there are not a lot of people.Food is so-so. This is a chain after all. There was one time that I order honey glazed pork, I believe, and I thought it was actually pretty good. But the food quality is definitely hit or miss. Forget about a waitress that checks on you. Always had to walk around a bit to flag one down to get the check. Wouldn't advise coming here unless you have a larger group and look like you can afford to tip a lot.
Salad bar is amazing. Fresh and so appetizing  . They kept it coming. My weekly routine.
Chose this place because Jaspers was packed. Thought it be ok even though upon wak in there were hardly any customers. Our server wasn't bad, she wasn't great but she did an ok job. That aside I had to send my food back and she got a little attitude about that. Then ordered food to take home (blackened talapia) and got home and discover the fish was still raw in the middle. I will never dine here at this location again
Just visited this location and it is absolutely disgusting the food had no taste and the waiter smelled like weed. Won't be visiting back anytime soon.
Four of us arrived and told the person at the door that we had a bigger party coming but wasnt sure of the number. Guy to seat us got ak attitude and said that he "needed a number" before he could seat us. Everyone in the party arrived but was told that all 12 of us would have to be on one check and couldn't split them. When pressed, someone else said we could do one alcohol check and the other food. Seeing that this would be difficult for a party of 12 and the Atticus received, we left and went to Outbaco which was next door and got better service, told we could be seated all at one table and would be able to split the checks. if I lived here, I'd never come back to this restaurant based on tonight's experience and may not ever go to a different Ruby Tuesday.
-10, horrible, will never return. I placed a to-go order.  When I entered the restaurant, no one greeted me.  I walked to the back where I guess "the manager" was having a discussion with an employee. I asked an older female server for my order and the "manager" without saying anything to me, said "that's the order I told you about, its on the shelf". She gave me a blank stare and said she would get my salad bar bowl and drinks, "there's your food".  OK, I would be fine with that, but then a young man runs from behind the bar and proceeds to loudly curse out a co-worker in the back (I'm with my teenage child) "Why the f$#@ did you make the Long-Island ice tea?? I'm the bartender"!!  I was flabbergasted, the "manager" did nor said anything.  I quickly made my salad and left.  At home, my wing order, a drink, a side dish & condiments were missing. Shame
Just about every staff member was on their cellphone.  The tables were not busted.  Wait staff was not service oriented.  Lackadaisical.  Seemed to have a kids corner in the back.  Never go there again'
Save your money. The food was over cooked and or as dry as the establishment and after waiting 45 minutes for food in an empty restaurant, they forgot two orders and when we expressed our concerns to the manager kiki, she literally stood there silently and I had to ask her to respond . The drinks were good ok !
ID GIVE 0 STARS IF I COULD. 2:16pm March 13,2022 - RED HAIR Bob .. VERY RUDE STAFF. I walked in, she came to the table tossed the menus lightly. I said thank you, she walked away. Leaving I gave her back the menus said Thank you so much   Have a good day, she just stared at me with her headphones in her ear. The energy was so bad, We left without even ordering. The people at tables around us told us the food was nasty any way.
This place needs to be closed. Took 40 minutes to seat us, the place was empty. We ordered drinks. Each cup had filthy residue on it from previous users. Everyone's food loooked TERRIBLE. Food was burnt, brown lettuce, terrible customer service . Please close this place. Tear it down please it's gross don't worry eat here
I certainly have to agree with the person who said the place smells of mildew. It does. The smell is slightly noticeable at the front door but not where we sat. It is VERY noticeable near the bathrooms.Sad.I shared a delightful lunch here with a friend yesterday. The service was so-so. Our waitress was good with one exception. She never brought the extra napkins we requested.Our appetizer wings appeared a bit malnourished. Or maybe this place doesn't use the chicken-on-steroids wings I'm used to seeing at other restaurants...My lunch was a turkey burger (special order I guess because of the bacon and cheese I requested) with lettuce and tomato. The bun looked quite tasty (as if toasted in butter) but was a bit too thick and definitely too hard (top bun).The burger was moist and flavorful but I had to ditch most of the bun. The fries were about enough for a toddler but I didn't complain. Potatoes make me sleepy so it wouldn't have helped me to eat many more of those. The ketchup (or "catsup" for those who like that word better) was too sweet for me. Don't know why but I'll check our fridge to see if we're buying the low fructose/corn syrup kind.My friend said the rim of his plate didn't look too clean and he was not at all satisfied with the presentation of his shrimp and pasta.Indeed, it DID look like someone had kinda just plopped it in the bowl, sans garnish of any sort. LOLThe best part of my meal was the delicious watermelon drink, a specialty for summer months only. And the company... Good conversation and laughter make any meal better.All in all, I would not eat at this Ruby Tuesday location again.
What a miserable experience! Hold your nose when you open the door. It smells terrible in here. Mildew and dirty mops. We waited for over an hour to get our food. My friend ordered the shrimp pasta and she had hair in her food. We had tosend her food back immediately. Lousy service... And a stink bomb!
First let me say our server Lauren was great!!!  However the food is another story.  We first ordered appitizers spinach dip (which was fine) and shrimp fondue (which was runny like soup which we sent back.  Then I ordered the Seafood Trio.  The crab cake was flat as a pancake, three litte shrimp and a small lobster tail.  I would rather pay a little more and get a better seafood meal.  I have been to smaller restaurants and gotten a better seafood meal for the same price.  KITCHEN NEEDS TO IMPROVE!!  A dip is not watery.
Umm why did I have to request items that should've been on the salad bar.  There were NO onions, tomatoes, sunflower seeds OR oil and vinegar.  Really!?!  Now, I do fancy smancy all the time, but RT is my fav hands down(but NOT on today).  My gym bud and I went to just have the salad bar - so this was a little disappointing.  They did eventually bring out tomatoes and place them on the bar, but the oil, onions and sunflower seeds were brought to my table.  HUH?!?Additionally, I NEVER saw them bring ANYTHING else to the salad bar.  This dude he got to the bar prior to my FIRST visit - demolished the peas.  One would think that they would replenish them - wishful thinking.Our server was great - especially when I say the bill - as he only charged us $6.xx.  Soooo I'd go back, but I'd probably help them with stocking the bar. I've been SEVERAL times before and have NEVER had a problem!
It's literally lucky it got one star... this place SUCKS! It took our waitress too long for everything and the food was bland. I had to ask the manager for napkins and he brought us 2 and there was 4 ppl at the table o.O INSANE! My sis's long island ice tea was weak and my Ruby Relaxer was good... ok so that's where the 1 star comes in!Void this place, it's not worth it at all!!!! Go to Jaspers or Outback which are both steps away from Ruby Tuesday!!
1 Star posted because in order to post my review I HAVE to give a star rating. Here we go!Corporate Please plan surprise visit to this establishment.  There is no excusing or explaining the conditions of this restaurant franchise---Food Quality = Poor, Presentations of restaurant =Bad, Dining experience = Poor.  Will not return for food, only b/c of exceptional customer service will I ever return here. I will continue to spread my review until this restaurant is brought up to par.  Blogging every site to voice my concerns.  Read my comment:I really felt bad about having to write this review, but when I saw the other comments it eased my mind to know it was not me alone who had a bad experience at the Ruby Tuesdays located in Largo, MD restaurant park.  The restaurant smells bad.. (Health Department Inspectors please visit this restaurant unless  you are on the take).  I ordered to go. Its a good thing I came in to pickup and checked my order.  I was surprised to see they combined the wet with the dry(tomatoes and French fries) in the same to go plate.  The steak was far less than what I expected and requested for my order(I requested a medium/well cooked 12oz sirloin) the steak was overcooked and dry.  The dessert  I ordered came without the fruit compote and tasted stale.  The food and quality was all WRONG for such an established franchise.  Someone needs to quality check the food before it leaves the kitchen.   On the upside, I would have to say that the To-Go waitress Marie was the best I could ask for in a customer/public service employee.  She was understanding, did not object or make excuses and ensured that I received all I asked for.  Marie made about 4-5 trips to the kitchen to assist in getting my order correct!  She is Da Bomb for customer service and should receive something for her exceptional work ethic and attitude in providing great service in the food industry. Management, please remove the carpet and replace with hardwood floors.  Please get some fresh paint and wall paper too. The booths and chairs could probably use some re-upholstering as well.  The restaurant really smells bad and if you hungry and enter could possibly chance loosing your appetite even sickened from the foul odor in and around the establishment.  I am sorry to see such a franchise lacking panache and finesse in this well-to-do PG neighborhood.  Hope to see some improvements.  Look forward to a complimentary meal to make up for the overcooked steak, soggy fries and aging cheesecake.
This place is awful!  Its right around the corner from the office so my co-workers and I have been several times.  Each time its the same thing.  The service is a NIGHTMARE!  When you walk in the place will be half empty, staff will be walking around, you will be the only ones waiting to be seated and NO ONE WILL HELP YOU!  The staff will walk by you and make eye contact & NO ONE WILL HELP YOU!  If you don't walk out by this point you might get seated and there you will sit.  The wait staff will walk by you, make eye contact & NO ONE WILL HELP YOU!  If you don't walk out by this point someone might come by (a manager, hostess, waiter) and take your drink order.  With this kind of service you better order all of it right then.  Get your drink, appetizer and meal in all at once because thats how they will bring it out to you.  The drinks will be wrong, the appetizer cold and the food will be mediocre.  You will WAIT for a check!  WAIT for a drink refill!  WAIT for a manager to complain to but none will ever come. There seems so to be some kind of employee culture here that is just plain toxic.  Again I and my co-workers have been here several times and its always the same. Do yourself a favor & NEVER step foot in here!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hm? This place isn't the best but its not THAT bad Granted, its not one of the best steak places I've ever been to but its a little more deserving than just one star. I've been to this location plenty of times and have no real complains. The food is nothing spectacular and not one of my first choices in places to go for a steak but it isn't necessarily bad either.
This the first restaurant I have ever visited which catered to sports that commented that my group's discussion was too loud. All the members of the party spoke at a normal voice level. We then were visited by the management of the establishment to be informed that they could not serve more than 2 drinks per customer.The Outback Steakhouse next door is a far superior choice.
Dining room HALF EMPTY! 30 min wait?!  In Mitchell South Dafuckingkota!!!???  Just cause that's how they do it yonder in Sioux Falls, does not make it cool here. It makes you (corporate) or ( franchisee) look like a person or manager that can't run a business. Time to step up and pay a decent wage. Your dining room will be full, you suppliers will give better deals for volume, and you'll be profitable. Right now you look like a highly subsidized farmer or group of farmers looking for a tax write off. You can't be successful without the American taxpayer apparently. In either endeavor, ya fucking loser.
It has been awhile since we dined there, but when we did the food was terrific and the salad bar was something other restaurants would covet. It was fantastic! Prices are(were) in line with other comparable restaurants. A very nice bar and we thought the restaurant was very clean.
Love their salad bar! We got that with the mozzarella sticks appetizer. Perfect! Staff so friendly!
Went to Rudy Tuesday after getting no one to wait on us at Whiskey Creek (due to waiter being to busy drinking and talking with other staff) .  Rudy Tuesday was very busy but walked in the door and was immediately greeted and got to our seat and order taken and drinks delivered with in 5 minutes.  Great service and employees wonderful.  Food good but wait staff definitely made the meal and experience a 5.  Thank you we will return and tell our friends.
Ordered the food to go. It was cold and disgusting. Everything was sticky and the hamburger was like 3/4 of a patty. Chips were stale and small amount of dip for the price. shrimp were overcooked. Will not order from again.
Extremely disappointed.  First started with no salad bar due to lack of employees.  Yet there are multiple employees standing around with nothing to do.  Second fault was bit into my chicken corn chowder and cold as can be, thus your soup is not fresh.  Simply microwaved from fridge.  Third strike to one star rating ordered salmon and 1/3 of it was raw.  Urge you to go elsewhere.  No offer by server to comp anything knowing the failure to deliver quality food.
The restaurant was absolutely filthy. The hostess quickly put on a mask when she saw me wearing mine. She literally seated us at a dirty table. I asked for a different one. They would only seat in the dirty section. There was a clean section but they would not seat anyone there because it had been cleaned for the night. The floor was covered in food, it did not smell clean at all and the food was sub par. I would have left but my husband was hungry and no other late night options. The waitress was very sweet and helpful so she got a nice tip. It wasn't her fault. We will not eat there again.
I wanted to give this 3 stars. I thought the waitress was both friendly and attentive. Even with the tail end of COVID still lingering the salad bar was up and running which is a plus. I know it's my fault for ordering ribs from here. I know that RT is not an award winning bbq establishment. It was late and I wanted to keep rolling so this is where I stopped. The ribs arrived with minimal sauce. I had to ask for more. But even though they were fall-off-the-bone, they were DRY. Probably would have been happier had I just ordered the salad bar.
Best salad bar in town. Service varies - sometimes lacking, sometimes great...dishes are pretty good but love that salad bar!!!
Was looking forward to a good hot meal after a long day of travel. Sat at the bar which was my first mistake. Basically a hang out area for all the employees who do not have customers help. It was very loud with all of their work chatter. The drink was good. I ordered the 12oz ribeye, asked for it medium well. When it arrived it looked a bit funky. I questioned if it was beef. It looked like a pork chop. When I cut into it it was very bloody. Now the blood is in my potatoes and corn, couldn't stomach that. Asked to have it cooked longer, twice. When it was returned to me it was not replated, served on a small salad plate. Needless to say it wasn't good. And I'm still pretty sure it wasn't beef. Just not good food or experience. Stick with the salad bar.
Went for supper, very good service and very good food. Had the seafood platter
This place is pretty good, although I suspect if you've eaten at one, you know the drill.  Service looked like college kids home for the summer. What they lacked in polish they made up in sincerity. Food was your typical interstate restaurant and you could do worse.
GOOD FOR YOU RUBY TUESDAY!  A co-worker and I were looking for somewhere to eat in lovely Mitchell, SD.  I thought RT might have some healthy dishes. We perused the menu online and I got really excited by their Fit and Trim menu items which listed all the macronutrients (fiber, carbs, fat, etc).  Even though I can't recall going to a RT's in forever, I had this idea it would be of Applebee's / TGIFridays caliber (not good).  BUT I am a believer!  We sat at the bar and I noticed 4 skinny cocktails on the menu.  I opted for the Skinny Mojito.  It could have used a little extra muddling but it was delicious!  For my meal I order the Fit and Trim petite sirloin.  For the sides there were, dare I say, a plethora, of appetizing, vegetable sides including broccoli, sugar snap peas, asparagus, spaghetti squash, zucchini, mashed cauliflower and green beans.  I chose the cauliflower and zucc.  Wonderful!  And it was, like, $11.99.  Now, I have to try to find one in Torrance!
The three star rating is based solely on staff friendliness and salad bar. I had sliders which were overcooked almost to the point of charcoal, my partner had chicken parmesan which had red sauce and alfredo terrible idea ruby tuesday. I ordered a glass of shiraz which had a very rough finish and was $8.
I've been to many ruby tuesdays and my recent experiences with them have sorta agreed with the law of diminishing returns.  So I went here with some trepidation.  HOWEVER I came away with new appreciation for RT.  I had the Chesapeake Catch which was fish (tilapia??) with crab on top.  Sides were mashed potatoes and mac n cheese.  Yum yum yum.  $3 blue moon special helped things too.  My party also had another seafood dish and the chicken bella; all were quite good.  Service was also friendly, though a tad slow in this depot.  What can you expect, it was 10pm at night!
Had a new chef training and our server Alison was so attentive. she caught on right away that something was wrong and returned with a new burger that was cooked just right. she was at our table frequently and the service was GREAT. WONDERFUL SERVER.
Waited 30 minutes for burgers burnt beyond recognition. This was my last time at Ruby Tuesday.
1 star is generous. Worst restaurant experience I have ever had. Salad bar food  was worse than old, it was rotten, spoiled, disgusting. We were told they were changing out the lettuce, they did, with more rotten lettuce. The beets were so bad I spit them out. The waitress brought my husband's food out and I explained the salad bar was bad, and that I actually had to spit food out. She said "oh really" and walked off, never to be seen again. My husband's sliders were pucks of something. Thankfully we got Brian, the best thing about this place, who brought the manager. Obviously we told her what happened she offered new food, yeah no. If you are going to this restaurant for any other reason than to speak to Brian I would rethink.
Absolutely do not come if you need service. We got salad bar and water(one glass). No ticket, no service. The doors will close soon.
The salad bar was good!! Now, the rest of the story....I don't know where to begin with this travesty of service we experienced. I'm still astonished at the sheer indifference to the BASIC customer related skills. We received a NOTICEABLY dirty highchair which I cleaned with paper towels from the bathroom and my alcohol solution; we did the same with the table since it was sticky; no napkins offered with the meals so back to the brown napkins AGAIN; I received cutlery because I ordered the salad bar...no one else at the table did because she decided that they didn't need any. I'm BEYOND BELIEF at the WORST EXPERIENCE we've had in decades. What happened to the Ruby Tuesday's franchise? Read my review and heed my warning.
I haven't been here since before the COVID 19 shut down.  So it has been a good 15 months or more.  Now, I know the pandemic was brutally on restaurants, but this restaurant managed to survive.  Warning they are short help.  Upon walking in the bar has a massive table filled with to go bags.  Delivery and pick up.  The employee guarding the food acknowledge me and that was it.   Asked for a table and received a blank stare.  I waited a few minutes until a women appeared and asked how many.  She seats me in a both with a terrible chirping sound going off above.  So kind of alarm or warning sound, so now I am thinking what is going on here.  Dinners are in their booths carrying on no one notices this sound.  Waitress comes over and says, " I am moving you down, so you do not have to hear the alarm while you dine."  Apparently, service had not arrived and they were working and seating dinners while this alarm was chirping all day.Carpet in the dining section I was in was worn and the rubber backing was showing and sticking to the souls of my sandals.   They still over the salad bar, but there were no takers.  Wise decision.  Pandemic is not over.  ONE waitress for the entire waitress.  This women was doing a great job.  She was attentive, and making sure she made up for the day's situation.  Cook was slow, or did not have help, because it took awhile for the triple prime cheese burger and fries to arrive.  But it was hot.  If you are going to this location, have some patience's as the restaurant is under staffed and so of the employees are dedicated to good service.
Took a long time to get a cheeseburger only to get a cold hamburger and fries. Then the waitress had an attitude about my daughters cheeseburger not having pickles.  Then the manager came over to try to smooth things over by asking if she could fix it by making another one. Hell no I'm not waiting another 1/2 hour for another cold cheeseburger.
Very disappointed. Went on easter sunday, they did not have enough help to have us to be able to eat dinner. I was like ok. We left. Came back on Monday me and my kids, was seated quickly. Ordered food and drinks took a very long time to get our food. My son's cheeseburger had no cheese! So I waited on waiter to let him know, he said he picked up wrong burger. Took over 30 minutes to bring a piece of cold cheese on the plate. Why not have them re make the burger so cheese could have been melted. Noticed that the table close to me the waiter kept forgetting their food orders and adding things they told them to leave off. Well this doesn't bit the apple. I ordered zucchini it was so greasy I could use it to fry chicken. I ordered ribs they were cooked to hard couldn't cut it with the knife. So I let waiter know he sent manager out she replaced both well when it came back out looked as if someone ate the meat off of the rib it was just bones. I just threw it in trash when I left. Waiters fingers were in my fries as he carried my plate. I used to love eating dinner at this place everyday. Now this experience has definitely turned my yes into a definitely no.
If you plan on going to get curbside pickup, forget it. You can call the number on the sign and the phone will ring until  you hear the voice mail pick up and then hang up. So I thought they must be busy so I go inside and when I did the staff was just standing around. The girl at the door didn't even acknowledge me. So if I could give "0" stars for device I would. Get the food home and it was burnt and tasteless. This is one of the worst restaurants and staff in Florence. Avoid at all costs.
We had a party of five and all of our orders were mixed up on each individuals plate. One of our buddies asked for Mayo for his burger and received tarter sauce. They did take the burger off for the inconvenience, but we all had loaded fries with cheese and the cheese was not melted. Another individual in our party received a loaded baked potato with only sour cream on it, no bacon or cheese so It wasn't even loaded. All in all we will not be going back to this restaurant.
This place has got some bad food --not just this location, but all locations I've visited.  Steaks are obviously frozen and low grade, resulting in a grainy, tasteless product; steaks always overcooked; mashed potatoes are obviously prepackaged, loaded with salt and barely tasting of potato; onion rings are obviously frozen and the onion is flavorless; triple prime burger is cardboard-dry; chicken fingers are obviously frozen; broccoli is dry and bland; salad bar mixed greens are often near the point of rotting; many salad bar vegetables obviously precut and prepared; salad bar salads (e.g. pasta salads) obviously made at some central factory and come straight out of a box...So what is so "fresh" about Ruby Tuesday's food?  They harp on this term more than any other chain restaurant, but fall flat on their face when it comes to delivery.This is what you get when bean counters, not people who genuinely care about the food that they're serving you, determine the quality of your food, folks.  It's not about the food; it's how cheap can we make it and how much can we leach out of the customer.  Food corporations are evil.The only 'bright' spot about this Ruby Tuesday is their bartender Justin: he's very cordial, always remembers my name and my friends' names and gets my drinks to me quickly.So why would I frequent a place that I detest so much?  Well, there aren't a whole lot of non-chain choices here in Florence, SC, so I am occasionally relegated to visiting Ruby Tuesday. People aren't very demanding here; they just take what they get, hence the success of more and more chains.  Also this location is only a mile down the road and it's the only place in my neck of the woods where I can get food and a beer.  What's the point to going to the next closest place that meets these criteria, Applebee's, when they're just as bad?  The atmosphere around the bar area isn't all too bad, albeit standard, which is where I generally hang out.  It's your run-of-the-mill restaurant bar with a couple of TVs.  I've sat in the dining area, and it's dreary except for the oppressively huge and bright lamp right above your booth.  Plus the service has always been very bad and slow.Bottom line: Having the audacity to serve to the food that they serve is what earns not only this location, but the entire company, one star.
Stopped for dinner at approximately 7:30pm on a Saturday. Most tables were empty and a majority of the empty tables were dirty. The floor was covered with pieces of food. We were seated in a booth that appeared to have been wiped off with a dirty rag. It was 10-15 minutes before any wait staff asked us for our drink order. Once we ordered, I opened my napkin/silverware and the utensils were very dirty with caked on filth. My husband's silverware was even more dirty. That was all we could take. We cancelled our order and left. It was gross!
Our sampler was delicious. Mine and my husband's chicken BBQ salad was terrible . Lettuce should be in the trash.Our waiter Ryan was amazing.
Awful. We arrived to the restaurant and were seated immediately. We were the first to sit down. Our appetizer was delivered to the wrong table, and we had to wait 15 minutes for a refill. Then when our appetizers did arrive, one had been dropped on the floor. Every table around us that got in after us got food first. When we did get our food, the chicken was stiff and the cheese on the loaded fries was coagulated. Never going back again.
The waitress was amazing! I wouldn't feed the food to a dog! Do not order the ribeye steak! Tough, fatty, gross. The food itself has zero flavor and was drowning in grease! I went to a Ruby Tuesday several years ago and it was good. This place should just close their doors awful!
Most restaurants offer nothing more than a side salad and a Caesar salad or a wilted piece of lettuce on your burger. RT gives you a large salad bar that allows you to select the veggies you enjoy. No other chain restaurant other than the buffet joints offer that and the buffet joints can't match the the freshness and quality of the RT offerings.Their service is great, restrooms are very clean, french fries are delicious. All in all, a nice change from the usual chain restaurants.
Love this place. The service is awesome! Food tastes great! And the Managers are Awesome!!!
Very good place to eat. I always forget how good their steaks are. I will have to eat here more often.
As frequent travelers from Chicago to the Dayton area we look forward to lunch at RT in Warsaw. Over the weekend of January 18-20 we were there both coming and going and found the place clean, the food excellent and the service fast and friendly.
4.5 stars for us.Our party of 3 arrive on Saturday just before Christmas at high noon. The parking lot is barely bustling and I've got some trepidation on our selection. Very happy to report - this is an overlooked gem for Warsaw.Everyone seems to be anxiously awaiting the TXRoadhouse  -that's fine - y'all go there and stand in line while I eat my dinner here.Tip: spend the extra $2 to substitute the salad table/garden bar for one of your sides!Our party of 3 chooses the sirloins, broccoli & garden bar. ~$12/head not incl. drink & tippage.Steaks served promptly and exactly as each ordered. Sides & garden bar delicious.
Ordered a chicken sandwich with fries. The fries were good, the samdwich... the lettuce wss limp iceberg that had that nasty old taste and halfway into the sandwich there was a big chunk of what looked like liver- a blood vessel or some such thing, but it was disgusting!  A lot of waiting on servers!!! The margarita was big but not strong at all- most places after one that size I would be loopy, but nothing! Oh, and they were dripping and sticky everywhere!
Every time I go to the lake house with my mom, we have to stop here for the yummy salad bar and burgers. This past weekend I split the turkey bacon avocado burger with my mom and we each had the salad bar... they had to roll us outta there we were so full! They have a great bar bar selection (lemon drop martini's are delicious), and the service is really friendly and quick. Love it!!
Even though there were only 2 servers on a Friday night, we sat in the bar and Zach was amazing.  Food tasted good, service was fast and efficient.
We sat at our table for 25 minutes and no one even took our drink order. There were two more groups and both of them were dissatisfied. One group said they have been waiting for there food for a hour and didn't get anything, and another group they denied service to, They weren't even busy, AT ALL! It was ridiculous. If I could give them 0 stars I would.
Don't waste your time here. The bartender was the only one waiting on tables at 6pm. The chicken strips were the size of a quarter and the mashed potatoes taste like instant mashed potatoes made in a microwave
Festus gem for great food, service & friendly staff! Salad bar was bountiful and fresh! Enjoyed the salmon, it was flavorful and cooked to glistening perfection. Restaurant manager Jane Vogt greeted & seated every customer!  Exceptionally clean and the atmosphere is well suited for anyone who wishes to enjoy a meal out. Carry out also available so you can't go wrong either way.  I will certainly be back!
Website says opened at 11am... doors locked, lights off.... But the salad bar was stocked. Really annoying since it was raining pretty hard and we got soaked for nothing.
My husband and I went for the 2 for 1 fajitas. Little did we know they were going to take one order of fajitas and turn it in to two. Our plates looked NOTHING like the picture in the add. When I questioned management her answer was "we just serve what they send us." Notice the cheese, sour cream and lettuce in the add? None on our plates. Chicken breast nicely sliced in add? Small chunks on our plates. Very disappointing.
Don't  bother wasting your time at their Festus location. We went and they had one server for the whole restaurant as well as being the bartender. They had a party of 11 and told us there would be a long wait and told another lady 25 minutes. You could not possibly get waited on in time if you only had a limited lunch break for work. Last time we went all we  wanted was the salad bar and they told us it would be a long wait. It's  no wonder Ruby Tuesday is closing locations. Terrible customer service.
Just a terrible place to eat. Use to be very nice the salad bar was empty,I had to get our silverware from the bar, no refills, waited over a hour for a hamburger and tater tots " the waiter ask if we got our food yet" I said no he came back and said " Oh it's ready in back I don't know why it's not out here I said so it's cold oh no it's been sitting under a heat lamp I said so its dried out. Got it and the bun was hard and the meat was raw never eat here again
If I could give zero stars I would.  Stood there for 10 minutes waiting to be seated.  Someone walked past us and didn't even acknowledge us and never came back.  Finally, we and 4 other groups left.
This must be a place to go in person because I ordered to go and it was not good!! Shrimp Parmesan pasta was like eating oil and tasteless and a lot smaller portion than you would get in store the amount didn't even cover the to go container bottom and it wasn't a large container. My steak was very over cooked and potato had a weird after taste. For a 100.00 meal it was pretty bad. Not sure how they are still in business closing at 8pm and serving food of this quality. Sorry Ruby Tuesday's I feel like your days are numbered before your out of business.
The staff were amazing. Salad bar allowed me to get iceberg lettuce without the dark green stuff due to the way it was set up. Loved the salad bar. I ordered an appetizer thinking it was different. They discounted that amount and added desert. Prices are high but the steak and salad bar along with the kind and professional staff make ruby Tuesday worth stop. Was an enjoyable evening thanks to Angela and Erica.
Came here for a going away lunch with my coworkers. The server was nice.Food came out quick, but my fish tacos tasted like dirty old fish water. The fresh salad bar was great, lots to choose from.
Update!! Down to 3 Stars :/ really would have liked to have given it 2 1/2. Ya know 50/50! The kitchen food is still really good sometimes, I will say that. It is hit or miss though. Everyone runs around like chickens with their heads cut off (servers & manager) when the place isn't even busy. Like at all lol. It was kind of funny to watch last time I ate there. Service is usually great though. Lol. A couple of the girls in there are very very good servers & should go elsewhere. Honestly. The salad bar used to be award winning at this location, but it's anything but a winner now. I kind of understand buffets (ew) skimping on the cheese & going for that plastic won't even melt in the microwave completely artificial stuff, but not Ruby Tuesday's. They are famous for that salad bar, and aside from that the salad bar by itself isn't cheap. The cheese might be the same at all locations & if so shame on ALL OF YOU! Also, it's funny, the salad bar will have let's say 4 empty containers waiting to be refilled, and you see at least 2 ppl coming & going A LOT from the kitchen with salad bar refills & yet 2 of 4 of those containers never got refilled. How?! It's usually the crackers & other crunchy toppings, but still, why are they staying empty?! It's not a mile long salad bar, how hard is it to give the entire table & look over?! Not just the cold ingredients. I STILL recommend the New Orleans seafood if you like Tilapia. They hit the nail on the head every time on that one. There is still time to save yourselves RUBYS!! Lol! You haven't lost your grip yet! Fix the cheese, maybe have your hostesses retrained. They all have funky attitudes & the seating chart is not as efficient as it could be. Yes I peek every time I go somewhere if I can. After that test all your cooks & boot the bad ones & you'll be back on track!
Solid choice in town, good happy hour specials and burgers. Usually I get the prime burger which is always good, you can also get them on pretzel buns. Chicken tender appetizer is also very good--they taste like the hand-breaded type, not the cheap "dump out of the freezer bag into the fryer" type. They also have a big salad bar.
This was terrible. I dont mind the terrible service, or the fact that mine and my girlfriends food was burnt and the burns hidden, what I do mind was the old oil on the fries. The terrible taste they left in my mouth is something not even the sweet tea can erase. Would I ever come back here? Nope. Crystal City/Festus/Herculaneum can kill any chain restaurant
I have been going to this restaurant for a long time but lately the last four visits have not been good.  My opinion is that the quality of this restaurant (food and service) has been on the decline over the last year.  After another big disappointment today, I have decided not to return to this location anymore.
We visit this restaurant on 1/25 and was very dispointed, we asked for morre biscuits but were told that they were out. That's fine but when you have a loud and obnouse man accross that when he asked for more he got them I guess the next time I will have to call the waitress HONEY AND SWEETY. Then we get our steaks that were so tuff that the more you chewed the bigger it got in your mouth. Second visit was this pas sunday 2/16 to celebrate my wife's birthday, she ordered a steak and I a pretzel burgerafter waiting over 30 minutes to get our food guess what the steak was so tuff and my burger over done, why didn't we complain it would probably been another hour till we got our food.FOR THIS OVERPRICED FOOD YOU EXPECT MOREBernie naeger
Waitress was fantastic. We got ribs, Cajun pasta and Quesadillas and all were very good and served in a timely fashion. The new chairs were so comfortable we didn't want to leave. My only complaint was the cleanliness of the restroom. Stained sinks,  they were disgusting. And the floors were so sticky I almost lost my sandals! In their defense, there was a person on the way in with a mop, but the sinks were a buildup of long term greasy soapy dirt .And the doors look kind of grungy  I'm going to eat at Ruby's again soon! Please power clean the restrooms folks. Thanks!
My family and I used to frequent this Ruby Tuesday quite often.  However, over the past couple years their prices keep getting higher and higher while their portions get smaller and smaller.  It is no longer an affordable place to take the family.  They do have excellent service at this location, though.  I've never had a bad waiter or waitress.
best place ever super yummy salad bar and food great service and friendly staff i will always return thanks ruby tuesday you are awesome
Husband was in the mood for pasta, but in Saraland, there's a serious lack of options for pasta. Then I remembered Ruby Tuesday, so here we are. Staff are all wearing masks. Guests are seated spaced apart. The salad bar was open, but I didn't get anything from it. We got the appetizer sampler - mozzarella sticks were amazing. The pretzels were sooo soft, and the spinach dip was delicious. It didn't look like we would have enough chips, but it turned out to be exactly the right amount. My meal was chicken tenders, fries, and corn. The chicken tasted fresh and hand battered, not frozen. The corn was very buttery, and the fries were hot and salted just right. I ate every bit of it. Husband got some kind of shrimp sausage pasta. It isn't on the regular menu. It was a special. He wasn't a huge fan of the sauce, but liked it otherwise. I had really hoped to get dessert since the menu has a lot of mouth watering options, but I was stuffed. I'll have to come back and have dessert first next time!
Ruby Tuesdays is always a safe go to. I'm a big fan of the salad bar but I wish they would bring back the cottage cheese. For lunch I usually stick with the salad bar and broccoli and cheese soup. It never disappoints. For dinner, I prefer their steak. Believe it or not, their steaks are pretty good. We sat in the bar area and our waitress was very attentive.
I haven't been to Ruby Tuesday in at least 6 years. I don't understand the appeal behind it. I only went today because some family was in town from North Carolina and that's where they chose to go. I opted for the lunch quesadilla and add on salad bar. I just made one trip. Before we even started to build our salads, we noticed how wilted and slimy the lettuces were looking. Some may say, "oh it was probably sitting out a while ". No! We got there at 11:30 am and the restaurant opens at 11:00 am. Definitely no excuse! They promptly began to change out the lettuce, but WHY would youPut that out in the first place? I did, against my better judgment go ahead and eat from the bar. Let's just say, the next 3 days of my life were hell. I spent them in a bathroom. I had to leave work (and I've never missed a day of work) because of how sick I was. I should have gone with my instincts here, but I'm just here to warn y'all.
First, you should know that, usually,  I love Ruby Tuesday. I especially like the salad bars, and I like the one here, too. That said, the service at this restaurant sucks. The wait staff has an "Are you really stupid enough to expect good service?" attitude combined with a "Why don't you make up your mind and pay your check and get out of here?" attitude.So I brought my friend and her husband here last week for a birthday lunch. The waitress apparently thought we were stupid,  so we just were polite and let her think it. I am sure she never figured out her error. Yesterday I took my brother and a 7 year old friend.  One of the waitresses who enjoyed the joke with our waitress last week was our server. She asked if we wanted our check, I kid you not, eleven times.  Then she brought the wrong check to pay, snatched my card and ran it. Since it was significantly cheaper I let her take it... but I put a 15% tip for that check.  Anyway, we enjoyed the salads, entrees,  deserts,  and drinks, and if the service had carried a good attitude I would be giving 5 stars.
This was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. If I could leave 0 stars I would. We took our dad for Father's Day and were surprised to be immediately seated. However, we had a carousel of approximately 3 different waiters. The Bartender was ultimately the one to take care of us and she was evidently overwhelmed. Not sure if you guys were short staffed or everyone just walks around confused their whole shift because it looked like a circus. The Garden bar looked disgusting and was out of arugula salad when I tried to get in line. Aside from the clear lack of attention to our table, I ordered a sirloin cooked medium. It came back over well done. The 'chef' (I'd hardly call him that) came out to tell me that it was over cooked a second time, so they are now working on a 3rd steak. The 3rd one was also over cooked, but we were ready to leave by the time I received it. $90 for terrible service and experience for our family on Father's Day. We will not be returning to Ruby Tuesday's.
The food is always really good, though we both had to send ours back (she asked for well done and lots of emphasis on the well done, but got a medium burger) the service was great and she was super nice and quick to get things fixed, but their bathroom needs to be gutted and completely redone. They're HORRIBLE. They look dirty. The stalls are damaged and warped. The walls have holes and glue stuff stuck to them. They're AWFUL. Plus, the soap dispensers were empty and there were no paper towels. That's enough to make me not want to go back to a place.
This is a great restaurant to have in Saraland. The menu has items for even your pickiest eaters. The service is always great. I would highly recommend this spot. They have Happy Hour specials and Kids eat free on Tuesdays. Be sure to check your mailbox or google for a coupon.
I seem to have good luck here when I'm alone.  Unfortunately, when I go with anyone else, it's awful.  I seem to be a bit more patient than my companions at times but the previous walk outs were valid.  The servers are just OK or terrible.  After many visits to this store, the service isn't consistent and never really has been.  I have met several managers, over the years, and they try to make changes in the service but to no avail.   The kitchen was spot on with my order-- 8oz sirloin-rare & grilled zucchini.  I opted for the salad bar as my second side;  it is always fresh and full.  All in all a really a tasty meal and OK service.
Hadn't been to a Ruby Tuesday in a longtime. Now I see why. Wait time was long for lunch time and wait staff very inattentive. Not once did they come back to check and see if everything was OkHad to ask for basic things.  Mustard, Ketchup or Mayo. The two most prompt things they did was bring water and the bill. Every time they bought something to the table I told the waiter Thank you. Had a Bacon Cheese Burger with no Bacon after mentioning it to waiter they responded they didn't have any slices of Bacon so they put Bacon Chips very very sparsely at that. So we had them take it off the Bill. Tipped usual 20% still no Thank you for coming or come see us again soon. Just felt like they don't care and the Food was just Ok.I can do Ok at home without even trying. Want be back anytime soon. RB Tues. on 12mi in Novi Got to do much better.
The waitstaff are consistently (I am here at least monthly) unfriendly and unhappy Tonight (Monday) they were closed at 6:40pm. This is too bad,  I love other locations!
Would not recommend eating here. I know there aren't many choices in north terminal but this should be your last resort. Food is bad and service is worse. Takes forever to get a table. If that's not enough of a reason, I once went there and paid with a credit card. When I checked my statement a few weeks later, the waiter had added on his own extra tip. I tipped on the card but it was only about $5 tip. I still had the receipt (around a $12 bill) and instead of the $5 I know I left, he had tipped himself about $10-$15 dollars on top of the bill. Unacceptable. If you do decide to eat there, use cash.
I'm currently at DTW Airport and just left from walking forever to stand in line waiting to be seated, only for a hostess to come out to tell me that they were closed. The website says it closes at 9pm it was only 7:01pm. Very frustrating and unprofessional.
The service here is deplorable. Most of the time your in the restaurant the staff stays in the kitchen.  Restaurant 101, there should ALWAYS be someone in the dining room.  Order wrong, had to ask twice for more water.  Table filthy.  Someone needs to get in there and train the staff.  They all look miserable.  Perhaps this is why so many of their restaurants have closed.
Well, you know your not going to get good service right away when the hostess ignores you, then you go sit at the bar and the bartender does not greet you but turns around and starts washing dishes when they are not even busy. I just want to shake these people and state"haven't  you had any training?" Otherwise salad bar looked good, but I just walked back out.
$10.00 bucks for a miller light?! Are you joking. Spinach artichoke dip wasn't that great and we couldn't finish it because our waiter never came back to refill our "unlimited" chips. What a complete joke.
I would absolutely love to give this place a 2.5 star if possible (or higher stars as the service has always been great). The beer is good. That being said, I tend to only stop here when I'm waiting for my ride to pick me up from the airport or for my flight.. The service is always friendly and nice (not always the fastest, but with my travel experiences, I feel that it seems to be a trend), however the food is not good at all. I do feel that they recently revamped their menu (or at least it looks different), however the quality is still just airport food. I have given a few different options a try, and have always been disappointed. Recently I even just opted for sides (as none of the entrees were catching my eye, especially with how many calories they consisted of), and I went with the broccoli and potatoes as a side (as this would be my dinner), and the broccoli was absolutely nothing special. Seriously, it tasted like it was cooked a while ago and mushy. It did only cost me $3.99 instead of the $10+ for an entree that I would be disappointed with as well, but I would suggest that you go try somewhere further down the airport as they might have better food (I am tempted to make the walk down there in the future as I have tried so many times for food here, and I'm always unhappy).Again, the beer is always good, and service is usually pretty good as well. I would just suggest avoiding the food. The reason for my 2 star rating is due to the beer and usually decent service - not at all for the food.
Waited 30 minutes for a table.  Another 15 min just to get acknowledged by waitress.  Very slow and unfriendly service.  Need another restaurant to compete with them.
Very poor breakfast choices, service was ok.  Not much effort by the company to be better
Seriously, F*ck this place. A) It's in the airport. Ugh. B) The waiter sucked. You don't dawdle around with people waiting in an airport. People got places to be. C) The cheapest glass of wine is $9.99. For Beringer. You can buy two bottles of it for 10 bucks in the liquor store. It's ridiculous. At least it was a decent sized glass!D)  Soup & Salad was $9.99. The soup alone was $9.49. WTF?E) The bean soup was actually pretty tasty, except that it was White Bean CHICKEN Chili. One single lonely piece of chicken made it to my bowl.
Let me explain why an airport chain resturant receives five stars.I seem to always find myself in here while flying out of Detroit, and I always have fun.  Sure, my nervousness of flying brings me in here for my standard gin and tonic to steady my nerves pre flight, and often grab at least a small bite to eat to tide me over, BUT the draw is the people.The bartenders are great. They are friendly, chatty, and do their job as therapist, friend, sports fan, complaint department, and trivia queen exceptionally well.   They encourage conversation between customers, which has actually lead me to a few friendships that I still carry over to the time I write this review.Lately I was in here on Christmas day, and it was one of the better parts of the day.  The atmosphere between the six of us at the bar, who did not know each other, and the bartender as well as a cook, was like that of a holiday party with an open bar.  We were all laughing, arguing about sports (hockey is better than basketball), and enjoying the company while traveling away from out families.  It was odd, but I was actually a little sad to leave when I had to board my flight.The fact that more than once the bartender has made a "mistake" drink which has been offered to me complimentary is also a nice perk.
I fly through Detroit occasionally and have eaten here a few times over the last several months.  Usually I'm looking for a light lunch so I stick with the endless salad bar and cup of soup, usually a chicken chilli with white bean, very reasonable at $9.99.  It's hard to find salad bars in airport restaurants and I especially like this one--not big but good selection and you can have your fill.  The chilli is pretty good.  Service is always fast and friendly and there are power plugs near each table.  I'm not there at rush hour but it never seems crowded.  These are all reasons I go back whenever I need lunch at the airport.
Slowwwwww  food service.....then they brought the food with no sides or sauce.   Waited another ten minutes for that.  Waitress comped another app..... But the cooking staff needs to get it together.....why would you even send it out like that,?????
The Saucy Hen doesn't exist when you search for the business after you have an issue with your DoorDash order and come to find out it's actually Ruby Tuesday scamming customers. THEN when you leave this review: Saucy chicken sandwich had no sauce.Ordered tots on the side, received ten.Ten actual tots. And for $4 mac-n-cheese,the container was barely 1/4 full. Y'allshould be ashamed of yourselves but alsoshame on me for not checking reviews forthis scam...... the restaurant blocks you on DoorDash. Shame, shame, shame on you. How about instead of putting out bad food under a fictitious name (might want to change your photos up by the way, since they're the same on your current menu and all), you might want to own up for your actions and do better. What a scam.
Wonderful food, kids and adults really enjoyed this place. Highly recommend you stop here. It's on the way from Destin to the airport.
Me and my wife ate lunch there today. We had 2 salad bars and had steak fajitas and shrimp fajitas to take home for dinner. Upon opening the box that the shrimp fajitas were in, bam big dead cockroach staring at us. I called them up to tell them about it and the manager tells me it could of came from anywhere. I proceeded to tell him I wasn't calling to get my money back, just to inform him of the situation just to see what he would say. That's when he tells me it could have gotten in there when we left. It's a shame because we liked going there to eat. I will not ever go in there and eat again. Freakin gross. Made me sick to my stomach.
Ordered a ribeye medium well, came to me mooing.  It happens.  I sent it back, and I'm ~99% sure the kitchen crew microwaved it, very rubbery and too quick to have been put on the grille.  But something else is making my stomach gurgle, not sure, but thinking it was the salad bar.  I'm done with Ruby Tuesdays, not what it used to be.
It's just okay.... Nothing to get excited about. Average food but definitely overpriced.  Best part of the visit was our server.  She was so friendly!
Quite a few of us ordered lunch from this location today while we were working. Very shortly after eating, 3 of us got pretty sick. One had the Bourbon chicken and mashed potatoes, one had chicken tenders and fries, and I had the tots appetizer. We are not sure what it was in the food that made us sick, but we have been pretty sick since about 15-20 minutes after eating. I will never order from this Ruby Tuesday's again...it was one of those awful, sick experiences.
I'm still amazed that this place is still open. Had lunch there a few days ago and the food although descent was WAY over priced. The appearance of the restaurant was the same as 20 years ago, but back then there were patrons. On this last visit i only saw half dozen people there, and it should have been packed with the lunch crowd as we're all the others in town. I won't be returning when they're are plenty of other restaurants in town.
Ordered full rack of ribs to go and they were very dry and tough. I think they were cooked and shelfed under the warming light for too many hours This is the second time I got dry tough ribs. Not sure I will order again from Ruby Tuesdays To be fair I have gotten delicious, moist and tender fresh ribs many times before from Tuesday. Must be a bad management decision to serve old dry ribs to take out customers, figuring they wont bring them back.
My friends and I keep this place busy! Good food and the staff are friendly and helpful. Food quality is always on point. Definitely get the ribs. I recommend the Texas dry rub, and go ahead and order the full rack. Cannot breakup the whole family and leave the other six behind. NO RIBS LEFT BEHIND!
Great place to get better than fast food after work. They give a discount to the Best Western next door. The food is usually better than average for what you'd expect from Ruby Tuesday. They always have room for seating. The wait staff and bartenders are friendly. It doesn't take long to be a regular here. Well managed chain restaurant.
Nice chain restaurant with a friendly staff and good food. As always, the salad bar is great. I had the lump crab cake and it was really quite good, especially for a chain restaurant. I also liked their strawberry lemonade and you get free refills, which was nice.So, for an inexpensive dinner with a lot of menu choices and decent food, I'd recommend it.
Great food for the price, and friendly serrvice. Highly recommend.
It's true that this a pretty standard chain restaurant, but there a couple of items at Ruby Tuesday's that I really enjoy. First of all, their salad bar is definitely a step above any other restaurant salad bar I've seen. My favorite non-salad item is the crab cake. It's the best crab cake I've had outside Maryland with virtually no breading and fantastic lump crab meat. They do a great job of quick browning it, so it's not greasy or fried tasting.  Order  it with a salad bar and a glass of Lost Angel Mischief Blend, and you're set!
Recently renovated to appear more "upscale".  Nothing to see here folks.  If you've been to one Ruby's you've been to them all.  Still, the only restaurant of its kind to be found in Niceville.
Ordered a burger for takeout got home took a bite outside cooked. Inside was raw called the store to get hung up on issue was never resolved will not be back.
Untappd 241I gotta show some chain loveFood and beer were greatI decided to go to Lupulin in Sioux Falls to get their Untappd Badge. Little did I know that Ruby Tuesday next door has their own Untappd Badge. I am not aware of any other Ruby Tuesday's that have one. They also have an Untappd Board to boot. Get your name up there in lights!Bartender was super friendly and attentive. My food was solid. No complaints whatsoever. I got the New Orleans Seafood dish which is Tilapia with shrimp in a creamy sauce. Normally comes with zucchini but I was allowed to substitute broccoli. Would definitely get it again.So get off your high horse. Chains need patronizing too!
Spent 4hrs on the Highway today and settled into our hotel, and then we took a walk over to the Ruby Tuesday's. I can't explain how attentive the staff was and how great their courtesies were; it was that good. This is probably one of the best places I've been to in a long while that had it all together from all angles. Everything was clean/immaculate and the food was delicious. They did such a great job. Couldn't have asked for a better rest stop.
Haven't been here in a long time, but decided to go because of the great salad bar. We weren't disappointed in that aspect. It has been remodeled and is a very nice place.I was with my friend who was in town for dialysis and she can't eat a lot of things so ordered a plain burger well done. My mother ordered a fancy burger medium well. When they came my friends was pink in the middle and my moms was rare. My friend sent hers back. She has been a cook for years and so I asked her what the plan was in a situation like this. She said you make them a new burger. After 10 minutes her burger came back on a very hot plate. We looked at each other and knew exactly what happened. The cook nuked it. And what proof do we have? Her bun was rock hard. Add into this the waitress looked like she'd just been flogged in the kitchen-bawling face, tears, etc. so not sure what happened back there but it wasn't her fault. So not very happy with this visit.
Great experience !! Great wait staff made it enjoyable... oh and the food was yummy too!!! Kudos to Bailey!!!!
A must!! I ordered online and picked up food to go. I had a gift card, so consequently I went inside to purchase my food. The restaurant has remodeled within the past year, and the place looks AMAZING! When I entered, the hostess told me I should go to the bar to get my takeout order. The bartender was friendly, pleasant, polite, just exceptional. I have to take a minute & stop to tell you about the actual Ruby Tuesday restaurant building itself. (Granted I didn't see the ENTIRE inside--but enough) Totally Beautiful! The atmosphere and ambience was so cool--sort of a 'warm-fun-classic-happy style' I would call it.  If there is such a thing. The lighting was great... And who notices & comments on a restaurants lighting?  (Not me usually) but I still can't believe how awesome it was to walk into that place. Some thing about it was warm and inviting and welcoming. When I got home and had the food--even better. I had steak and a baked potato... And it was to die for. I haven't had Ruby Tuesday in a long time and I am definitely going to change that-because obviously they have changed some things--- and the changes have been good!  Try it for yourself.
I'm not normally a fan of chain restaurants. They often disappoint. However, I'm going to give this Ruby Tuesday a 4 because, not only was my fish well cooked and actually flavorful, but they had an open salad bar. You may think this isn't a huge feat, especially for a Ruby Tuesday, but during COVID, this was a very welcome surprise. Before anyone gets cross eyed and offended that they would have a salad bar open during this time, they took several precautions to maintain, at least what I consider, an adequate level of safety.  I give them kudos for making that amenity available. Especially since we were a family of weary travelers that had been in the road for a few days and this hit the spot.
Remodel is really nice! The Food was great, salad bar was delicious as usual!! The service was fast and friendly.
Went to try the brunch today. It was mediocre at best - salad bar is always pretty good. The part that really disappointed me is when I had an omelette made to order and I got about a quarter of the way through it and found a short black hair stuck in it. When I brought it to the waitress's attention she just said, "ewe, that's gross."  Nothing else was done for us, not even a manager sent over to apologize. Just paid the bill and left knowing we won't go back. That's poor customer service all around.
We went to Ruby Tuesday on Sunday to have the brunch. When we were paying I gave our server the buy one get one 50% off coupon. She said it would not work on the brunch buffet. However in the past we have always been able to use it. She even came back and tried to explain why it wouldn't work. But there is nothing on the coupon excluding the sunday brunch. Perhaps they should clarify this. Not sure if we'll go back. The selection seems to be getting smaller (as well as the plates).
On our way back to MN. Staying at the Holiday Inn across the street. Too tired to drive around we opted for RT.  The food is medium priced. Tried the chicken broccoli , my hubby had the ribs. The chicken was ok not special the waitperson forgot the biscuits which were cold and hard. The hubby ordered a tall Sam Adams and the waitress spilled the entire beer in my lap. Needless to say they should have comped my meal and payed for dry cleaning but only comped half my meal and half my hubby's. Will not be going back EVER
One of the few chains I like to eat at! We stopped in for dinner on our road trip back home. I love all of the healthy alternatives/options for sides and that the salad bar is included with most of the entrees now. It used to be a few bucks extra, but now they just include as a side option, which is awesome. It doesn't have as many options as it did before, but that is fine by me. Boyfriend ordered the ribs, his daughter ordered chicken strips with mashed potatoes and broccoli and I had the petite sirloin with zucchini. We gobbled everything up. It was all perfectly portioned. My only complaint is their peach iced tea...it has chunks of peach in it. Not slices, little chunks. They always get stuck in the straw and are just annoying. It doesn't look nice in there so they wouldn't lose any aesthetic by omitting them...but it's far from a reason not to visit Ruby Tuesday's. Service was super friendly, dining area clean and the ambiance is always nice.
Yea its a chain but they deliver to the best western ,in like 15 minutes, give you a ton of food for your money. I had the lobster carbonara and there was a lot of lobster, will order from them again.
Nice place.  A chain, but the staff is solid. Close to the lcoal hampton and holiday inn, so if you are traveling in sioux falls, and staying in one of the local inns, there are some good places to grab a bite or drink. The Turbodog draft beer was great. We came in around 1030pm and they were still able to serve us appetizers, which was nice. It had been a long day of work. The bartender was cool, he even served us a second round after closing.
I love this Ruby Tuesday's.  Steve (a manager I believe) is a stand up guy and always ensures your experience is good.  The service is courteous and prompt and the food is great quality.  Now if I could only find a way to duplicate those tasty croutons in my own home.  I have to get salad bar every time mainly because of those croutons.
I hate chain restaurants.There are 3 or 4 that are exceptions: Houston's, Famous Dave's, Claim Jumper. Driving from L.A. to MN last Summer, my wife and I stayed in Sioux Falls near a strip mall. Being tired, we kinda ended up eating at a Ruby Tuesday nearby, because of the convenience. Well, for a chain, it was very clean, the decor was not ugly, and the salad bar looked good. The service was good too and the drinks were a deal and made my evening. Ha. We don't have hardly any RTs in L.A., but I'd go to one if it was closer. I mean I hate Chili's and TGIFs, but RT is just fine by me for a chain.
I had a lunch date at Ruby Tuesday and was impressed with the food and wait staff.  I always have a slight concern about all day salad bars but this one was very fresh and plentiful.  There was a nice amount of choices from several choice of greens, fresh vegetables and numerous salads.  We had a  reasonable amount of time to eat our salads before the entrees arrived and the entrees were well done also.   Our waiter was humorous, attentive, and very pleasant to visit with.
Salad bar was amazing as always. Good drink, good music and nice selection on the TV. Drinks are always on point and Desire V (our server) is always entertaining!!!
We ordered online last night. I got the email telling me what time our meals would be ready and what to do for curbside pickup. When I arrived at the restaurant I called the number on the sign (same one as in the email) to let them know I was there to bring out our meals. It rang for quite a long time. Then someone hung up. I tried two more times with the same result. Someone would pick up the phone then immediately hang up! I went inside and NO ONE was at the pickup station. I went to the hostess who looked at me like I had two heads and sent me to the bar. There were three take out orders on the bar. It took a few minutes before a bartender recognized I was there. Then the excuses started! I finally got our meals  and not a single employee apologized. Not one! The hostess is oblivious and the rest of the employees obviously don't care. Live and learn I guess. The first and last time we will order or visit the Elizabeth City Ruby Tuesday!Stay away!
After sitting there for five minutes with the staff all looking over at us, multiple people finally came to the table.  The bartender who was getting off pointed out to me that she was off the clock.  I pointed out to her that if she were off the clock, she shouldn't be behind the bar and why.  After she proceeded to argue with me, we left!  Smart move after reading all the reviews!!
I know that this is a chain...I know that it's regular old American (traditional)...I love this place! It may be because there is not one where I live. You can't beat the salad bar here for the price. If you focus, you can eat a pretty healthy meal here. The atmosphere is great, not super busy and the diversity is pretty good. Service: Excellent. Diverse staff, super friendly and very attentive.Overall: Don't care that it's a regular old chain, I love this place.
Appitizer of artichoke dip was from a can and luke warm on the edges with a cold center. Ordered the bourbon salmon it was also luke warm. The broccoli  and loaded baked potato were cold.Like literally cold!  Worst ruby tuesdays i have ever been to!I won't be back. And no i did not  even eat half the meal.server didnt even ask if anything was wrong. SMH
The food is subpar and the salad bar was filthy. There was extra food everywhere  and even the dressing was a mess. So gross! Had a hair in our food. Service was ok!
This particular location is always out of something- usually what I want to order and this time was no exception. Food is good but a bit overpriced for what it is.  The manager and staff were very apologetic and was explaining he situation.
Worst Ruby Tuesday's I've ever been to. The service is poor and the management doesn't do their job. They're slow to restock name brand beers when they run out and they get your order wrong more often than not. 4 months ago I had a bad experience and complained to the manager. Nothing's changed. Too bad, this place used to have the best service in town. They still have the healthiest ingredients but they are clueless when it comes to serving customers with food allergies. I won't be returning.
This place is dirty.  We wanted to like it but I have never been to a Ruby Tuesday this filthy and unkempt in my life.  Most of the empty tables sat unbussed.  Our orders were repeated back to us by our server, yet she still got them wrong.  Had to ask for silverware and a straw.  Gave up on the straw, got it ourselves from the bar.  Restaurant was out of salmon entrees and apparently no one was washing dishes because they were also out of glasses for a regular sized beer.  Restaurant wasn't that busy at 4pm, so we were surprised to see all the unbussed tables.  Very disappointed.  Typical Elizabeth City chain restaurant which once stood out.
Rich gave us great service and cared about our families food allergies, which means the world to us!! We heard him several times ensuring that our food did not contain any allergens. The food was delicious.
Food not great but bartender on Friday nights is top notch. Meet friends here often and only go when she is working.
Traveled a distance to come to eat at this facility. The food was ok. Not great but not bad either. Unfortunately the service was not great. The restaurant was not busy. We ordered in a timely manner however 20 minutes later we had not been served (maybe 6 other tables were occupied). Having a view of the kitchen we could see our meal in the window and our server standing by doing nothing. This went on for almost 10 minutes.
Would not recommend this Ruby Tuesdays to anyone that wants a steak they can eat without a chainsaw to cut through the gristle in the meat. One word TERRIBLE!!!
Been here many times and I'm not usually impressed with thier food. This trip however was quite good. I got the half rack of ribs and they were very tender and tasty. The mashed potatoes were not like homemade but were OK. The sugar snap peas were very good. We had a delightul and very attentive waitress. I also tried a seasonal beer, the Sam Adams Octoberfest and it was pretty good. That's not a style I usually drink but it was better with food than a stand alone drink.
You can always count on the same quality of food from one Ruby's to the next. My favorite is the Turkey Burger. Great service.
Typical fare and service for this chain.  Just like every other Ruby Tues, which is the goal of course.  If you've been to other RT's and liked what they offer, this one provides the same.  Seating is somewhat crowded.
Pops and I tried to dine at this really cute place on the water, but they weren't open for dinner yet and ran away when we peered in the door.  So we hit the highway and found Ruby T's.  It's a meaty menu, but you can have all the salad bar you'd like and a gooey dessert (or a side of mashed taters).Nothing special about this place except the friendly/goofy waitstaff and the sweet vintage car outside with all that shiny, shiny chrome.  You just don't see cars like that any more.  Pops noted that the driver was truly an old timer (not a pimp like I'd have guessed).
No sense working or dining here. They claim.younare drinking on the job when you are on probation, and parole. Your agent can visit at anytime. They lied just tomfore me because they were upset I wasn't available mornings. This place.is ridiculous. I could go on for an hour about the sanitation violations. Pretty gross. If u get food poisoning.dont be surprised. And if you're an employee.done expect corporate to respond. ....they don't.
Not a bad dining option at all considering the area.If you find yourself around here and happen to be in Horseheads' Arnot Mall, you'll notice that the dining options are slim. Very slim.Make your way through the mall, through the nearly non-existent food court, and you'll realize that your best food option in the mall may very well be this Ruby Tuesday.Long story short, food is decent. Service is fast and friendly. It's fast casual. Nothing more, nothing less.
Food was good, not exceptional, but still good but a tad over priced for the quality.  We sat by the windows and it was pretty cold but we suffered through. We were greeted by our server promptly, so we were off to a good start then we ordered our appetizer and food. After I got my margarita, it went a little downhill.... our server *izzy* wasn't very attentive to our table. She only asked how our food was at the very end of our dinner. I couldn't eat all of my shrimp because there was a very small amount of cocktail sauce (out server did not ask how they were either) She also passed our table MULTIPLE TIMES AND DID NOT ASK ME FOR ANOTHER MARGARITA OR MY PARTER ANOTHER SODA. The food was good but honestly the server was a little under par, she's a good server but could put in a little more effort.
On 11/02/2019 my wife and I went to ruby Tuesday and I had salad bar and so did my wife, I had the Hickory Bourbon Salmon and My Wife had Hickory Bourbon Chicken. I must say the food was Awesome. If you love Salmon this is the place to go . Perfect Salmon, every bite I enjoyed it more and more.
Very uncomfortable. First were seated at a table and when at the salad bar another "large" customer was seated behind us there was no room to sit down. We were moved to a booth and it also was very tight and uncomfortable. Restaurant needs to take out a table or two so customers can have an enjoyable meal.
I go here for the salad bar only. The rest of the food is just okay and I think the entrees are overpriced. The broccoli cheese soup and salad bar are my go-to!
Over priced mediocre food. Every time we've been there they must be butchering the cows themselves because it takes about an hour before we even get our food, and I'm talking about even on a Monday or Tuesday when it isn't that busy...  tonight was the last straw.  Although we had a very nice waitress she didn't seem to belong on the shift she was working and the entire place seemed under staffed and frantic  not prepared at all for a kids eat free on top of a 44% off aniversery deal night. We waited an hour before our food came out and didn't even see or hear from our server the entire time while waiting, 3 other tables who came in way after us before us, and I'm talking their entire entre, not just appetizers. when it finally came out we didn't see her again for another half an hour after until she brought our bill out and screwed it up to boot...  By far the worst experience we've had.
Went on a Friday at about 1 and waited over 30 minutes for our food to come! Waitress never came back to ask how we were or explain why there was such a long wait for a couple of cheeseburgers; she also brought out the kids meals and stated, "Here, I brought these out so they would stop looking at me." The food finally came....eh. This location has really done down hill since it opened. It used to be such a nice place to eat.
June 11, 2014 Wednesday - dinner 6 PM4 adults and a kidAtmosphere - 5 starsFood - 4 starsService - 4 stars Background - The group picked this place for dinner. Atmosphere - A standard Ruby Tuesday, I can not describe it better than that.  Food  Drinks - I tried to order beers off the menu, after two failed attempts as they were out of stock of the time.  The waitress suggested one that was not on the menu.  Yuenglings on tap, and I went with it.   Appetizer - none.  My Main Course - I had the Hickory Bourbon Chicken, the flavor came from the sauce, and then chicken was bland without it.  The sauce was great, could have had more and reduced a bit more as it was a little runny but not a show stopper.   Dessert - none.Service - Our waitress was great as she tried to get me a beer.  They are getting docked a star for not having items in stock when the item is part of the normal menu.    Future - Probably the next time we visit as my parents love the place.
Menu is decent it has been updated recently. I love the salad bar is the best of any main chain by far. I had a hickory bbq chicken it  was good but no better than anywhere else I have ever been. As I said the big draw is the salad bar for me.
Everyone I know waves about the salad bar. However everytime I have gone to this restaurant you could pay me enough to eat from it. The lettuce looks dry, it is dirty and the food just looks unappetizing. I will not be back.
Worst service ever. Food took almost 40 minutes despite almost nobody being there. Watched 3 of the workers sit at the bar instead of actually working. Was excited to show my fiance ruby Tuesday as he had never been, talk about a let down. Guess we won't be back. Ruby Tuesday use to be the place to be, but apparently they have gone downhill FAST..... :(
Was a terrible experience! Started off with getting seated at a disgusting table. Once seated got terrible beer and terrible food. Asked waitress why it was so bad compared to other Ruby Tuesday's and all effect quote"this placed is fucked up"
Great salad bar. Fresh and well kept.  Friendly waitress.  The bathroom was nasty nasty.  And Such a turn off at any restaurant.  If I had visited the bathroom before I ate.. probably couldn't have eaten.  It was early afternoon   Around 1pm
Food is HORRIBLE & Over Priced! Only perks is the place is clean and good servers. But after getting bad food several times and having to have it removed from my ticket it was so bad I never went back. Drinks are over priced . How do you ruin a cheeseburger!?
This particular location seems to have had a bad reputation for a while but the food was good, and timely.  The waitress was polite and knowledgeable with accommodations for my friend's child. It was a pleasant dinning experience overall.
Ruby Tuesday is a childhood favorite for me they have a mix of lunch and dinner options as well as a lovely happy hour menu.
First time to visit this location and long time since going to Ruby Tuesday. Food and service were good, we had salmon and pork chops, both cooked as ordered. Just rated a 3 due to As noted in one previous review, the bathrooms were nasty, always a concern when thinking of how restaurant is run.
I have eaten at this location before. So, after several bad occasions, I had not eaten here for a whole year. I decided to give it another chance. I waited and saved my hunger for a delicious Ruby Tuesday late lunch/ early dinner steak. HUGE MISTAKE! After placing my order for steak, which had been the problem the last several times, I stepped up to the salad bar after the waitress' encouragement. Not only did the lettuce choices look like they had been browning and already a week old, but the vent above designed to airrate the veggies was covered in mold and dripping moldy water onto all the salad and fixings below. I brought it to the waitress attention, who just said, oh. Then I asked for the manager who did nothing. At that point I asked for my order to be cancelled. This was not only disgusting, but also disappointing that the management did nothing to improve from my last poor experiences and actually got worse.
Terrible. I placed an order online June 9, 2019. I ordered a 12 oz ribeye with a baked potato and a Caesar salad and a grilled salmon with steamed broccoli and dirty rice. The grilled salmon I'm not complaining about it's was pretty good. It's the 12oz ribeye I had a problem with. I ordered it medium well and I received well done. I also noticed that my steak was small and thin as well full of fat! This is quite disappointing since it did cost $20. I will not be coming back to this location!
Still somewhat new to the area and haven't had the best luck with dining out. Tried Ruby Tuesday today and easily had the best experience to date! From being greeted and seated by the polite and friendly young man to our server Dustin, who was awesome! Friendly and attentive, but not annoying at all! The salad bar was incredible! The burger I had was cooked perfectly! The other side of the table had a chicken dish, that was delicious as well! We will definitely be back to try other dishes!
How is this dump still in business???!!! Some friends and I went last night ONLY because it's the only place that serves booze in Sanford on a Sunday night. Honestly,  we should have just brown bagged it outside of a decent restaurant instead. First off, our waiter had a kind heart but being a waiter was not his forte. I had wanted to get the salad bar because I figured, "How can a fresh salad bar be bad", right?! But after I saw how dirty the place was, not to mention the smell (I'm pregnant by the way), I decided it wasn't worth the risk to my fetus of possibly eating lettuce that wasn't washed properly or prepared by dirty hands. I went for something deep fried instead. Can't go wrong with buffalo chicken tenders right? Wrong! The breading was all mushy, almost as if the oil they fried it in was not hot enough. Gross! Also, we asked what the queso dip was and the waiter explained that it was a blend of 3 cheeses with peppers in it. We thought 'okay' and ordered it. It ended up being cheese soup pretty much with spinach and pinmentos in it! The only 3 cheeses I could have guessed it was made of was generic velvetta, cheez-wiz and EZ cheese. Oh, and the chips were extremely stale. Thankfully, our waiter took the queso and chips off of our bill.The only good thing that I tasted was the Thai Phoon shrimp. They were crispy, spicy and good. I also heard from my friends that the margaritas were weak too.
We were very excited to see a ruby Tuesday close to the house. We decided to sit at the bar and we couldn't have asked for a better service. The spinach dip was delicious, and the drinks were on point. We ordered the chicken salad and the steak with asparagus and flavors were really good. Now on our second visit the service was super slow (mind you the restaurant only had a few visitors) my husbands drink had a piece of hair and it took forever for the waitress to come back and get him a new drink. From there on the service just went down hill. Food took forever and it wasn't the usual flavors. Don't think we will be coming back.
This restaurant sucks. The menu is limited. The service is beyond terrible. Waiting 30 minutes for your drink is not acceptable. I went at 4:30 pm on a Thursday. It was not packed and there was no need to have such a terrible dining experience. The menu is very limited. The chicken tenders are worse than Hardees, Bojangles, or KFC. I will never go back to this restaurant.
the hostess, short on personality and interest.The waiter (Chris) simply awesome.  The type of waitstaff one looks for but rarely finds.The salad bar was well stocked and fresh.The entree (chicken pasta alfredo) a bit on the heavy side and a lil over-seasoned, but tasty.The side (steamed veggies) perfect.The tea was not too sweet and the glass was never empty.All in all a pleasant experience.
It's a Ruby Tuesday's. What do you expect?The entrees are edible, but not all that flavorful. It seems as though every pasta dish is covered in a greasy alfredo. The burgers (including the turkey) are pretty decent. Drinks are weak and overly sweet like in any other chain, however, beer selections are decent.Generally speaking, we only go for a sandwich or the salad bar when time has gotten away from us and other options are closed or we've procrastinated on cooking dinner. It's certainly passable, but I've been disappointed as often as I've been pleased.Service is generally alright, sometimes a bit slow. We've never had an actual problem with it, but my water glass has run on 'E' before for a few minutes.
I went for lunch, and would consider this your average Ruby Tuesday experience.  Staff was adequate - doing their work in an acceptable fashion, but not enough to make you feel they were doing anything more than what was required of them.  The chicken Parmesan pasta is delicious.
The salad bar was excellent and so were the coconut shrimp appetizers. They were 4ppl in our party 3 got the bar and shrimp one got hamburger and loaded potato and said hers was delicious! Susan did a wonderful job as our server! Definitely going back!!!
Only go here for the salad bar and ribs. Unfortunately, Service can be hit or miss. Decent drink menu.
RTI is a ghost kitchen for other companies. We ordered three Beast Burgers and every single one of them were wrong. The seasoned fries should be renamed "a cup of seasoning with some fries tossed in it".  Will not order again from Mr Beast or RTI.  Very sad experience.
Pretty good today! The waitress and hostess were both super sweet and interacted with my 2 year old playfully which I appreciated. The food was good, however, my steak was well done rather than the medium well I asked for but I still ate it so it was pretty good. The loaded potato was AMAZING!
Ordered through door dash last night, 3/3/2022.I got the chicken and broccoli pasta Alfredo. This Ruby Tuesday has another name listed for the restaurant that I ordered from, Pasta Americana. The food came and it looked as expected. I also ordered two shrimp skewers for my daughter. When I ate the pasta, it literally had no flavor. And it was $18. Why...I have no idea. The shrimp did not come on skewers, it just came into two plastic clamshell containers. Which that didn't matter to me. But there were 4 in each clamshell (2 separate ones for some reason)...I think it was like $6 for the 8 shrimp. The pasta just had no taste. I had to add more cheese and salt to taste anything. I doubt I will return, this restaurant has not been good for years now and I gave it another chance but that's probably the last visit for me.
Piss poor ass GM piss poor ass service just awful, I use to come all the time to this wonderful dated restaurant because of the servers, Susan, Natasha, Joshua, Wendy the manager. I even continued to come when there was no A/C last yr. I even came when they were open during the pandemic. Now I come back because I feel safe to be around other people, and everything has gone to shyt. The burger I had was over cooked n dry, the fries were mostly burnt and the desserts taste different. I wasted $112 and the sever didn't even ask if I was unhappy with all my picked over food. I paid, tipped and will never ever return again.
I took my grandchildren here to have dinner....biggest mistake ever but this is the one place they wanted to eat after living in London for the last 2 years....there were maybe 5 tables in the entire building with customers and we waited almost 45 minutes for our food as I watched it sit in the window getting cold for at least 15 minutes before pointing it out to the waitress who brought it over....yes it was cold and uneatable....the waitress not 1 time checked on our table and the manager was too busy sitting at the bar having a drink and I had to gesture for him to come over and as I told him the issue he just looked at me and asked if I was ready to pay my check....I did not eat anything after the 1st bite nor did my grandchildren....not even an apology but he didn't mind swiping my card for $57....take your business elsewhere....we opted for McDonald s and got better service than at this so called restaurant
Went there tonight with the family. What a mistake. Wife did the all you can eat salad. She only got 1 small plate of salad minus some of the items she requested. Never was asked if she wanted more.  If you can't have a normal salad bar just shut it down. The servers can't follow the sheet you fill out for your salad so please just stop.  The steaks we ordered eh.   My son and I asked for medium Steaks his was perfect mine was a hockey puck. I dealt with it since the cooks clearly haven't been trained. Over all the experience here tonight helped us make the decision to always go to Long Horns.  I should of disputed my cc charges but instead I'll warn others to keep far away from here.  SMH
A little background first on this place. I saw this place on Grubhub which was listed as The Captain's Boil. I was wondering why it wasn't on Yelp until I tried to add the business and Ruby Tuesdays popped up. The same location as well as phone number, I decided to call the place to find out who they actually were. They then told me they were Ruby Tuesday but also cooked for the Captain's Boil. My order through GrubHub:I saw nothing but seafood on this page and decided to give them a go through GrubHub. I ordered crab legs for 2 and plus the crawfish. I was feenin for some seafood and thought I would give them a whirl. Baddest and most expensive experience I've ever had in my life!!Crablegs:The crab legs for one comes with 2 clusters and 5 legs on each from what I was told. So ordering for 2, I figured I had 4 clusters plus the corn and potatoes as well as the crawfish also with corn and potatoes. No dice!!I got ripped off bad on the crab legs. I had 2 clusters with the legs and they put in just the two bodies with no legs at all! I was so pissed!! Crawfish:As this is crawfish season, how in the world did I end up with the tiniest crawfish imaginable! There was not one decent size crawfish in my order at all, and I may have gotten only 10, and that's being generous. I probably got less than that. Captain Boils sauce:Are you kidding me?? Really?? This so called sauce was nothing more than messy at best. It didn't bring out anything to me particularly in the seafood at all, well for the little seafood I did have. That was a total waste!!Corn on the cob:That tasted pretty good. Nice sweet corn with somewhat of a little kick is always favorable to me. I did have 3 of those which I think I should have 4-5 because I had 2 orders of the crab legs and 1 crawfish which also comes with it. Again, ANOTHER EPIC FAIL!!Potatoes:That was a total joke as I was supposed to get 3 but they served them quartered up. I may have had 6 pieces of potatoes out of the whole thing!! Price:This whole total EPIC FAIL cost me $66.00 including the tip for my GrubHub driver. I have NEVER in my life had such disgusting piss poor service from a so-called seafood restaurant!!
We have bypassed this restaurant for two year since moving to Winder. We decided to try it when friends suggested it for dinner. We have been three times now. We have not been disappointed in the food or the service. We have tried burgers, chicken dinners and several appetizers.  Everything was yummy. The salad bar was fresh and well stocked with great variety.
The menu is still so chain oriented; however, the salad bar was fresh & crisp. The most positive thing was our server - Ashley. She was spot on & attentive even thought a huge party of 20+ came in while we were eating. She deserved the larger tip left.
What can I say - it's a chain restaurant, folks.  It is what it is.And, for some reason, it seems that this particular Ruby Tuesday has an "abbreviated" menu.  They just don't seem to have as many of the items on the menu as a full-blown Ruby Tuesday's.  It's basically a burger joint with a salad bar.  It's good for what it is, if you're into that sort of thing.  I can take it or leave it.  I'm with Josh a. - we only go here when we get one of those two-for-one coupons in the mail.  Otherwise, we steer clear.
At noon on a Sunday, it was packed from the after-church crowd. We sat at the bar.I love a lot of the food at RT, and was excited to see the brunch menu, a first for me. I ordered the Crispy Southern Chicken Benedict with the salad bar. My boyfriend ordered the Buffalo Chicken burger with mac-n-cheese and grilled zucchini.RT's salad bar is always a great bet, especially because you have control over what you get. Spinach not looking so fresh? Grab some mixed greens. I also like having the extra topping options. The grilled zucchini was nice, but a bit too oily. The mac-n-cheese was really heavy and would have been a better side with a lighter main. The burger had good flavor and the chicken was pretty tender. The Benedict was the biggest disappointment. It was pretty much an open faced chicken slider with some scrambled egg crumbles. I requested a different sauce but there was barely enough to taste.Skip the breakfast/brunch menu and stick to burgers and the salad bar.
Average chain food but the service is commendable. Attentive staff and prompt service even when the parking lot is full @ 7 on a Saturday night. Really a 3.5 because of staff.Free wifi :)
I only eat at this place when they send me a 2 for $20.00 coupon as the food itself is nothing spectacular and overpriced for what it is.  The staff have always been friendly and attentitive, with the exception of receiving the bill.  For some reason, it always takes 5-10 minutes to receive the check after requesting it, and then another 5-10 minutes after they pick it up to bring it back.
I guess I am not surprised that this restaurant has no reviews. Last night's dinner here was easy to forget. The best part of it was the fact that I got to spend an hour or so catching up with my daughter.I had the "new" menu item of grilled salmon. It was boring and overcooked. The side of cheesy mashed potatoes was cold....not lukewarm, but cold. The side of broccoli was good and cooked just as I like it. My daughter had a steak and lobster tail (not the place I would have ordered that type of food) and finished her meal so I suppose hers was ok. We didn't talk about it, other than the fact that the lobster tail was of a fairly good size.Our server was very attentive and the "extras" we asked for came to the table quickly so no complaints about service.I expect our next midpoint get-together will be somewhere else as I don't expect to eat here in the future.
Tatortots were good, but that's about it. Salad bar needed refilling and the lettuce was brown. $11.99 for all you can eat. I had to work to make one! No tea refills offered and men's restroom was nasty. Don't waste your money
This place sucked. Our waitress was nice at first (keep in mind it was only a table of 4) we ordered food and drinks, our drinks came pretty quickly which was nice but while waiting for our food which took over an hour we never got refills, she came over to our table with someone else's food and told us the chef made the wrong thing. We had been waiting for awhile and were all practically starving and tired. She walked past us again and just threw trash on the floor right beside us. The men's bathroom was even worse it was trashed and dirty. After more than an hour we got some of our food the fries were cold, the pasta was cold and  practically uncooked we immediately got up and paid for our drinks (keep in mind only 3 out of 4 os us got the food) the manager said that the food was cold because when the chef made the food wrong she didn't want to take the food out and have someone waiting. Even though one of us never even got our food. This place was a total letdown and a mistake not to mention the fact the pasta made one of us sick. If I could put 0 stars I would.
Mt Vernon Ohio has one "steak house", mainly only due  to the liquor license in the city.  The  restaurant is very old and dingy. They are sitting on a gold mine but refuse to update.  The salad bar on TV looks so good...we go in every time they advertise the additional items...never changes and any mention of it falls on deaf ears.If you don't want to update and improve, it's time to move on and let another restaurant come in and appreciate the community.We are going to try it one last time today (we always say that).  If the salad bar is not changed again we are done.**Update!Went to lunch there today and.....the salad bar was updated and GREAT!   So happy after several years of asking them for a good salad bar it has finally happened.
I haven't been here in a while, tried to place a pick up order and nobody would answer the phone. So I went in to do it, waited at the bar for a menu. The bartender kept putting me off ( nobody at the bar mind you), wouldn't give me a menu and was telling other customers she was sick of all these "bag people" lol referring to the take-outs. I totally understand her frustration, there is a REAL shortage of employees available to work right now. This is clearly a management issue, it seemed the bartender had probably 4 or 5 tops and also cashiering the in restaurant customers. Hopefully things aren't as bad there as it seems.
The food was good, warm and ready when I arrived to the restaurant for pickup. The App didn't work well, so I had to call the order into the restaurant.
I can't find anything less then zero on my ratings chart. We visited Saturday afternoon. We used to come here quite often. This visit was terrible!! We waited forever to be seated. The salad bar was a disaster. There was nothing on the bar. I could have scraped more salad off the floor then there was on the bar. The burger I had was terrible   This is last visit to Ruby Tuesdays. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!!!
Nope! Don't do it! You will regret it! Terrible service. The salad bar was soooo gross and frozen and the burger was under cooked even though they asked how I wanted it.
I was so impressed that I won't be returning anytime soon. The place wasn't busy but it took quite a while to receive our food. I ordered the tomato soup. There was way too much cheese on the top. Two heaping spoonfuls. I like cheese, but not when it kills the flavor of the soup. Two people in our party ordered burgers medium. The burgers looked more medium rare. Way too much pink. Service was lackluster. On another note, they do have their salad bar available. Not sure the Covid regulations with that.
Just got charge SIX DOLLARS for 8 ounces of soup. And by the way it was disgusting. I called the manager and she said this was not a mistake. That this is the right size for $6. Ridiculous. Especially for pre-made soup in a bag that they added frozen broccoli to.
The food and beverages are always on point, and they are providing a dining option in these unusual times.  Thanks to all who work there.
Four of us went for the first time to the Sunday Brunch and none of us would go back.  Price too high for what you get.  Add coffee to the price at over 2 dollars and that really hikes up the price. The men did not like the parfait and the cookies were like store bought.
Very dated and dirty, slow service. Great Salad bar!  The best part of this experience was I got to be with my Mom on my Birthday and I only paid $2.00 for my meal.
SLOW service at best. Waited for 5 minutes to see a hostess then after placing drink orders it was another 15 before we asked if they were coming.  Had to "fetch" my own silverware. Party of 5 seated in a booth #cramped. The heater is not working and instead of using the back of the house they seat people by the door. Awful
Went in today.. place looked empty w ppl waiting for seating. Opted to sit at bar after host said they were Shor staffed. Also told us that the last time we went.. bartender Tiffany acknowledged us and was pleasant. She also had tables in the bar. We got our beers. Had salad and an app.  Still not seating alot of ppl. App was out in. Tmely meter. So glad to see the salad bR back. Was delicious as I remember. I think the staff was doing the best they could under the circumstances. Tiffany was great
So my wife and I normally frequent RT and due to COVID Delta variant we still do the take-out option.  The takeout service is good overall even if it was a little behind yesterday.  I normally get a burger or a main dish which is always good, but yesterday I opt'd to get the brisket sandwich because I was looking for something a bit different.   I don't know what was more disappointing; the brisket sandwich which was nothing more than 3 very overcooked pieces of meat that were NOT brisket, or the 5-6 onion rings that came with it.  You can't simply throw some sauce on meat and call it barbecue...RT needs to stick with their burgers because their idea of barbecue is well not cutting it.  I'll give it 3/5 because normally the food is good and hopefully the disappointing faux brisket was an isolated incident.
We were seated but we sat and no one came. Not even to ask us what we wanted to drink. So we continued to wait, decided on food. Still no one came. You know it's been a while if you know what you want and you haven't seen a waitress even just for drinks.  Sheesh. Plus the floors were sticky and greasy, felt gross under our shoes. So we left. Disappointing.
Terrible. We came in with our two kids and were very displeased. It took almost a half hour to even have our drink order taken.. We ordered our daughters food, which was fine, but we ordered ourselves the ribeye with grilled shrimp, one meal with onion rings and macaroni and cheese & the other meal with loaded tots and macaroni and cheese. First meal we are served are two plates of ribs. This was obviously wrong, so I told the waitress it was wrong. She said she must've misheard us, but she asked us how we wanted our steaks cooked when she took our order. It then took almost an hour to get our food fixed, and even then it was still wrong. We were served two steaks, one of which came with shrimp, with a baked potato, onion rings, tots and macaroni and cheese.. not the sides we ordered. Terrible time here unfortunately.
Ordered take out waited almost an hour longer than quoted, no big deal, I love standing around in a mask.  Got home and did not recieve my appetizers, partially my fault; I should have checked at the restaurant....just wanted to get home and eat at that point. So I called and they were aware I did not receive all the food I ordered and said I could come pick it up, I live about 15 minutes away (1/2 hour round trip) so I just wanted a refund....nope apparently ruby tuesday  does not have a way to refund a customer. What a joke....can't refund a customer? They did, however, offer to pay for a future meal, I declined how would that even work? Guess they have to upkeep those Tesla chargers somehow.
Pretty disappointed in our experience tonight. Our food was delicious but I was so disappointed with my steak tonight. The manager didn't care when it was brought to his attention. Easily 50% straight gristle. See the picture below.
Went here a couple days ago- my husband and I haven't been here in years and thought why not let's go. We get there and it was like 2:30 on a weekday so not too busy maybe 4 other tables if that. While ordering I ordered what I wanted, my husband tried to order what he wanted which included coleslaw, the waitress proceeded to tell him not to order it and how gross it was there.. ordered something else. I ordered a salad with mine which usually comes out first, all we got was our drinks after about 5 minutes and then she brought out salads and COLESLAW for the couple that came in after we ordered our drinks. My husband and I just looked at each other and I asked the waitress if we could pay for our drinks and go. She said we could just go and that she was sorry but I'm just very confused about what happened there lol. Definitely won't be back.
This was my 3rd time eating at Ruby's and my husbands first time. He ordered the BBQ chicken salad and raved about it hours later how it's the best salad he's ever eaten. I ordered the chicken ranch salad and it was amazing. I also ordered spinach artichoke dip and chips and ate the entire pan! The staff were so friendly and accommodating. Will definitely be eating at Ruby Tuesday again and again when we get to Kansas City!
Went here last night with my husband and kids. Service was wonderful, food came promptly and was very good. Better than other locations I've been to in the past.
I am usually a big fan of Ruby's. Not anymore.  Last night, I ordered a sirloin steak medium rare for 18.99 which was definitely not sirloin. It was very tough and chewy like a low quality shoulder steak. I could deal with an overcooked high quality steak but when it is a shitty quality I am not a fan. I mentioned it to the waitress that it was terrible and overcooked and she just took it away without even offering me a different option or free dessert. I also had the salad bar before the steak which was not very fresh. So basically I paid 25$ for a meal and still left hungry. Terrible food and service.
Usually I love Ruby's. Not the best tonight. We decided to try a coupon that was for buy one entree get a second half off. I ordered the crab cake meal, boyfriend got salmon and mom decided to have the coconut shrimp appetizer. The waitress never asked if she wanted that first or with the meal which was fine but then when the check came she took the half off the $7 shrimp instead of one of the $13 entrees. When we asked, she gave some lame excuse that it was counted as an entree because it wasn't brought out first. Definitely left for an awkward end to the meal. My mother is usually a very generous tipper (22+%) even to the worst servers but not this time.
Sure the prices are okay, but it's not worth it. Took forever to get seated. Food didn't really seem well prepared. No thank you.
Holy crap, even for a chain restaurant this was bad. I hadn't been to a ruby Tuesday's in years because I've never been a fan of their food and I was reminded why last night.First, the service was horrible. Took almost 10 minutes to bring me a drink. This was a sign.  We order and it's a little more than a half an hour until our food comes.  If a restaurant is busy, I'm more patient but when you're one of three tables (2 of which are already eating) I find this disturbing.  When the food comes, my husbands order is wrong, and we wait another 10 minutes for them to fix it.  I try these zucchini minis, that sounded sooooo good, they weren't. The zucchini "patties" we're so thin and they put so much other crap on the bun that you couldn't even taste zucchini.  I got a side of snap peas and they looked as if they sat under a heat lamp while they waited for the rest of the meal to be cooked.The server was bad, but it didn't help him that the kitchen was awful too.  We did get offered free dessert, but I wanted the four cupcakes instead of the two.  (I thought they were going to be smaller then they actually were, but 4 was the full price dessert $4.99, everyone else in our party got a full price dessert) well, they only brought me two.  Too be fair, there's was no way I could have eaten 2 more cupcakes, but that's what I ordered.We were out with my father in law for his birthday and he had picked this restaurant.  He did say that this was unusual, that he normally gets great food with great service. But he also said that he would never go back on a Sunday night.  I know I don't plan on returning. I try not to expect too much from chain restaurants and there are some great ones out there, but this one was bad.
Our waitress was very dry and attentive. Service was quick. Food was good and hot. Salad bar was clean and stocked. My only complaint is my husband wanted the coconut shrimp platter which they were all out of. Other then that it was a pleasant experience. Would recommend and will return in the future.
The family decided we were going to Ruby Tuesdays for dinner yesterday. Got there around 5pm. There were a good amount of cars in the parking lot. Hostess sat us right way. Waitress took our drink orders and food orders when we were ready. I didn't see a name tag but she was very good and very efficient. All our food came out at the same time and was hot and delicious. Not one complaint from any of us.  Will definitely be back
I would like to leave a review for this restaurant. However, it's difficult because we stood in the lobby over five minutes and there wasn't a single person in there available to help seat us. We walked out.
So as far as the food goes very average typical Ruby Tuesday, much like Fridays, Applebees etc.... With that said we had a great server. A nice very nice young man, very polite and full of charm. Great personality. I attached a copy of the check to help identify him. I think his name was Taj.
Our server was working hard. They appeared short staffed. My daughter ordered a steak medium rare. It arrived well done. She had ordered fries as her side. The fries did not arrive with her meal. We were told it would be a few minutes. I watched five other orders arrive with fries. Still no fries for us. The fries arrived twenty minutes later after she finished the rest of her meal. I had ordered the endless soup. When I tried to order a second bowl the waitress said she didn't know how long it would take. Waited 15 minutes and it had still nor arrived. The manager did comp one of our meals but it was a frustrating dinner.
Came here with a friend the other day. Parking was easy, and the restaurant was easy to find. Got seated pretty quickly, but ended up waiting a while for our food, especially considering the restaurant was essentially empty. I got the salad bar, and my friend got the crispy chicken sandwich with fries (which shouldn't have taken that long to cook). The interior was nicer than expected, definitely a nice ambiance for a date night. My friend said that the chicken came out piping hot, and she could tell it was freshly cooked. She said the chicken was beautifully crispy and had the perfect crunch on the outside. She said the fries were average and didn't thrill her. She's had better, but she's also had worse. I enjoyed the salad bar. They had gloves available to wear before touching the utensils for infection control. The ingredients appeared to be fresh and didn't seem to be sitting out for too long. It had salad ingredients, along with coleslaw (utterly disgusting), broccoli salad (delicious), and watermelon slices. The only proteins available were diced egg and a slimy diced ham, which was disappointing. There were a variety of dressings available. Prices on the menu appeared to be average. Overall, there wasn't anything spectacular that would draw me back again, but nothing adverse happened that would keep me from eating here again. I had an average experience at Ruby Tuesday.
I had the Chicken Fresco which was delicious, the light sauce it was in was perfect. It came with 2 sides, I picked the dirty rice and steamed broccoli, both were  excellent. The steamed broccoli was probably the best I ever had. My waitress, Kerri, was nice and never did I have to ask for a refill of my water, she was on top of it. Highly recommend!
Came here with friends late for dinner I ordered a cheeseburger and the salad bar both were very delicious, our waitress did a fantastic job.
I wish there were a Ruby Tuesday near my home!  During a visit to Harrisburg, I dined at this location, and every facet of the meal was top-notch!  I had a mushroom swiss burger, one of the best I have enjoyed recently.  The golden brown tots that accompanied the dish were delicious too.  I love the garden bar, which has a number of well-prepared items that appeal to me, including broccoli salad and pumpernickel croutons.  Service was gracious and attentive.  To top it off, a manager came to the table to ensure my satisfaction.  Bravo!
Classic chain Ruby Tuesday's. The service was good but the place could of been of been a little cleaner. Salad bar was set up well and seemed fresh. The food was cooked well.
I've been to Ruby Tuesday's all over the country.  They used to have bion burgers - which I love- but this last visit they are no longer on the menu.  I really like their buffalo chicken sandwich on a pretzel roll.  At this place,  we sat in the bar area and the hostess and bartender 'sorta' waited on us.  It seemed like they took turns being inconvenienced by us.  The food took forever and when it did finally come out we could tell that it had been sitting under the heat lamps for quite a while.  The bartender apologized and said that the food runners weren't running his food anymore?
Bartender is trying, but it is a rough scenario. Pure chaos start to finish, needs a 911 cooking show to help asap.
Great service except I ordered a ribeye and got a pork chop. They wanted to argue with me. Last time I checked beef isn't white lol
Got seated by the host, who was very grumpy and lowkey threw the silverware down aggressively. No one greeted us, not one staff member acknowledged us. After twenty minutes of sitting ignored, we got up and left. This location is giving purgatory lol
When we travel a Ruby T is a reliable chain you know what your getting. In my years going to Ruby T this was beyond disapointing. The burger my wife after i finished 2nd round of salid bar and wife told they didnt start her burger would she like somthing else,   her order was bacon  cheese burger well  no pink and tater tots.  In 32 years of marriage I have never known her to order any meat that hasn't been cremated. When her order finally showed up no tater tots regular French fries and when she cut in to the  Burger it was rare short of mooing. The waiter told her that's how she ordered her Burger I about fell over in my seat. He told her that if he took the Burger and tater tots back it would be another another 15 min. The kitchen was busy . We asked for the check but was told  by another waiter  That he was busy trying to find someone to approve a discount on her Burger. So here's my message to the manager There was no discount and there'll be no return visit and we'll be sure to tell everybody what happened
Went to Ruby Tuesday's this weekend because it was hot and I wanted a salad bar option. The salad bar was very good! My wife ordered a steak which was also pretty good, so food wise, pretty good. Here is where my problem lies, I was in the Restaurant business for 16 years, I am a great tipper and I made my living that way for many years. At the end of the meal, I asked for the check and showed that I would be paying for the meal with a credit card. The server comes over and has a hand held devise which you put your card into, and they stand there holding it while you add the tip!! What a horrible, horrible system, even being a good tipper I was shocked that this is how they handled card transaction.  Knowing that Card tips are tracked, I usually tip cash, even when using a card. The server was visibly upset, and slammed our to go boxes on the table and walked away. I am sure she felt better when returning to the table after we left. Please Ruby Tuesday's rethink this process, don't put your customers and your employees in an uncomfortable position.
Absolutely horrible I got a order out from here I ordered salmon and a burger the salmon I got with 2 sides and it was grilled zucchini and mashed potatoes I double checked my receipt and it CLEARLY shows what I ordered but what I got? A small salmon and 2 huge baked potatoes and they packaged it with 2 sour cream cups that had no lids it was spilled all over the food absolutely nasty I want a refund sadly I won't get one don't bother trying to eat here. Thumbs down x100
Called to double-check the hours and was told they were open until midnight. Drove well out of our way to go there, arriving about 20 min later, just after 10 pm only to be told they were closed. The restaurant was busy so they weren't closing to lack of business. Very frustrating, wasting our time and gas to drive out there.
Food was just okay. Ordered the spinach and artichoke dip appetizer and the dip was soupy and the chips were oily and burnt. Didn't get our cheese bread 'til we asked and was told they were still baking yet they were cold when we got them. Will try someplace else for next weeks overnight. Or just go for the salad bar. That, at least, was good.
Positive: close to hotels near Denver International Airport.  Salad bar. Steak cooked to my order and very tasty.  Negative: food very slow in arriving. Wait staff had to be asked several times for a coffee refill, never brought condiments requested, when she asked the obligatory " is there anything else I can bring," it wasn't to actually bring anything else. Lots of staff but poor service. Onion rings? Or greasy onion bits overcooked in old oil?  It probably doesn't matter since there are hundreds of new customers flying through the Denver airport each day.
Yum Yum Yum Yum Yum!! My first time ever going to a Ruby Tuesdays and I am so glad we went :) The drink specials were all $5 (house) and more if you wanted the "good stuff" I ordered the Blue Cheese with Onions burger (and it's got a different name that I can't remember) and it was delicious. I ate all the fries first because they'll refill them at no extra charge hehe. And I ate everything on my plate... minus the ketchup. Their blended strawberry margarita was delicious. The SoCo and Cranberries we had later were good too.What set's this place apart from the rest? Their customer service! A++ I just hope I get the same kind of service at any other one I might go to. Open till midnight I think.
Went here waiting for a buddy to get in from the airport. Usually when you hit up a chain place like this, they are all going to be the same. Wrong. This place has the greatest salad bar you can get at a chain restaurant. However, at this point in time it was awful. I am not sure if it is because this is out near the airport so they dont have to worry about repeat customers or what. The lettuce was wilted, no croutons, no regular ranch (just fat free). Also our waitress was very slow and didn't really seem to care at all about what anyone thought. One guy went and asked for croutons three times and they never brought them out. Crazy.
2 words: Buffalo Burger
The key reason for going here is that it is a short walk from hotel row at the Denver airport.We walk in to order take out.  The hostess says we can order at the bar while we have a much-needed drink after a tiring day of tornado-born flight delays.  A bartender who clearly doesn't do well under pressure, looks at us, eyes our menus, and tells us gruffly that "We have someone who can take your order for take out."  When we clarify that we'd like to order drinks too, he grumbles "Alright, be right with you," then turns away.  Six minutes go by, while he's moving about the bar frantically, but not getting things done very efficiently.  He's like one of those pedestrians who fake runs as if to get out of the middle of the road quickly, moving his arms all around, but really isn't moving fast at all.  And also he's scowling.  He finally comes back after 4-5 other customers had cleared out, checks our ID (thank you), then takes our order, just as pleasant as can be.  I think we just caught him at a busy moment, and he's apparently not a guy who does well with multitasking.  The rest of our time there was fine.  It's a sports bar, plain and simple.  Big screen TV's all over, the nearest one being about 2 feet away from us, so it was a little hard to watch.  Bad nouveau grunge music playing.  It's all part of it.  Drinks were standard, though they have a non-alcoholic strawberry drink that's very refreshing after flying on an airplane.  The ribs & salad we brought back to our room to eat were great.I'd go here again only if I needed to eat near the airport.  It's definitely a step up from Applebees.  Just don't mess with the bartender if he appears busy.*NOTE* There are other Yelp review for "Ruby Tuesday's" at this same location, however they don't show up on a search since that's not the exact name of the place.  Hence, I've started a new Yelp review page using the proper title of the restaurant (as listed on their website).
Nothing special to report.  Food was just OK.  The only thing they have going for them is the number of limited service hotels in the area.  If you are reading this and will rely on the hotel shuttle to / from the airport  - RENT A CAR AND GO INTO THE CITY!A new restaurant will soon be opening at the Holiday Inn on Tower.  It's a sports concept called Sporting News Grill.  Head there, it looks awesome.
One of the few national chain sit down restaurants that we have locally, and it's sad that it's so hit or miss because people staying in the very very nearby 2 hotels probably gravitate to it as a national chain. Their salad bar has been my go to place, but have not been purchasing salads out since the pandemic started, can't wait to get back to it. Take out has been very very touchy, we always tip $1-$5 for takeout usually $3, but only a couple of times have we had Fabulous should be Expected Quality Service. Sometimes they put you on hold and never come back for curbside, a couple of times they put you on hold and someone comes and hangs up the phone, they miss putting lids on sauces etc in your takeout and it spills everywhere defeets the purpose of sauce of the side to dip or just try, they fully forget items in the order, they tell you that you Have to come in for curbside, it seems to be the culture there to work little, other times the meal is packaged up Perfectly with condiments and lids and everything!, it's just unpredictable, but what Should a National Chain be, it Should be Predictable, you should be able to expect the same Every Visit! They don't know here that I won a 50th Anniversary prize on Instagram from Ruby Tuesday, I should wear my attire there, huh, lol. And even the marinara cups on the Crispy Mozzarella Sticks are inconsistent, some know to use the larger dipping cup, others use the small and you run out of sauce after 3 sticks, half the time it's been right and half the time wrong. And the attitude that they give, putting you on hold and hanging up, etc. Some of their new 50th Anniversary menu is pretty good, if you can get it made as it is meant to be---nice Philly Cheesesteak and Crispy Mozzarella sticks, don't know why I tried the Coconut Shrimp though, I don't like Coconut, lol, a no to those for me, lol, it was fresh coconut though, too strong for me, lol! And crazy dried out baked potato, must have been from 2 nights back, straight to the trash! Other times the potatoes are Perfect! We've been there in the past for big church celebrations and sometimes just carryout for 1, but they don't see that a $3 carryout tip one day could come back as $100 small group sitdown tip. And all the email day by day specials they have, gosh I remember how good their steak was, might have to try the Sunday steak special. We're always nice and never know what we're gonna get there, smh!
Great service and great food all around good experience  and we would love to go to ruby Tuesdays again really really soon. I really really extremely extremely extremely enjoyed the food prices and the service was spot on and the restaurant was clean there were no flies at all
Just had a great dinner. I'm not really sure why the rating is low for this particular location. We are new to Gloucester since purchasing a second home in June 2020. We've been here several times for dinner and have not had a bad experience yet. The service sticks out to me as always great. The staff is always upbeat, knowledgeable and efficient. The restaurant is up to date with COVID precautions, including proving fresh gloves for those who wish to use the salad bar. I don't think I'd mind the gloves as a requirement once the pandemic ends. I did not keep the receipt tonight or would have included the name of our server. She was a blonde with short/med length hair.We were greeted and seated promptly.As a server from many years ago, I've always considered myself a stickler for restaurant details.
Love there food the best fries you will eat I promise      Our service was great I recommend Amanda
On July 7th. Went to this Ruby Tuesday and felt very much disrespected. We went in for a to go salad and while we were still getting our salad they were changing the utensil. We wete the only ones there and being an African American I took it personal. I guess to Corin, who is the general manager, we were more contaminated than others. Won't ever go back.
Of course we come for the Garden Bar! Whenever we're craving a good cold salad, this is where we go. We usually order seafood and ribs and our daughter likes the chicken tenders. Sometimes the salad bar is not as well stocked as we would like and sometimes you don't see your server for awhile, but our experiences have never been bad enough to keep us from coming back.
Ruby Tuesday has been that restaurant you always knew you gonna get a great meal. You can count on 1 hand how many people were dining in restaurant on a Friday night. That should of been my clue to go somewhere else. Ordered Hickory Salmon w/ side Mashed potatoes & broccoli. Looks good but the side portions are laughable. I knew it must be a kids meal. This cost $17.99 and these portions are so small. The shrimp fajitas taste great but the condiments are petite. Now I'm pissed of   I haven't been in years now I see why I have not been to Ruby Tuesdays.
Foods taste was decent and service was good but within hour of eating everyone in our party had stomach pains and was rushing to the rest room with stuff coming from both ends. None of us had same food so idk what it was
We had soup and salads.  The salad bar was good as was the soup.  Since it was "bottomless soup" I asked for another bowl.  We waited 15 minutes - no soup and no waitress.  We finally flagged her down at another table and asked for our check.  After we paid were leaving I was told my soup was ready and did I want it.  Needless to say, I said no.  I spoke to the manager on the way out and she was apologetic.   I also told her about the multitude of flies in the dining room.
We stopped here for a quick bite to eat. My food came out well done so I had to send it back. The salad bar was delicious with a good variety to pick from. The waitress wasn't in too big of a hurry she did putz a bit and took forever for her to stop by again to get the bill.
I won't usually write a bad review specially after just one visit but this location merits it!  This was the worst experience that I've ever had at a Ruby Tuesday's, I know it's a chain restaurant and it's really just one step above fast food but you could do the basics right. We walked in about an hour and a half before closing the staff and what looked to be the manager were all sitting around a table talking, they looked at us like we were really bothering them even coming in.  They then let us stand there in the doorway for almost 5 minutes without coming over, they finally got up and came over to us with the worst attitude and said well if you want we can get you a table.  Now mind you there were seven other tables in the restaurant that night it wasn't like we were the only ones there. The server was horrible and made us feel unwelcome.  The table they sat us at was dirty and we had to ask twice before she cleaned it.  The manager seem totally unwilling to do anything about the staff or care whether our experience was good or not.  The food came out incredibly slowly (40 minutes) and quite honestly I didn't even eat it because I figured if this is how terrible the front of the house is run I was afraid the kitchen might even be worse? In retrospect I should have just left but my friends were starving so I stayed.  Ruby Tuesday's corporate if you're reading this it's time to clean house at this location or retraining them in basic customer service.  If Yelp would let me I would give this location no stars!!  To sum it up if I was in the dessert and came upon this restaurant again, I would probably choose starving to death over eating here!
My husband ordered a chicken sandwich and when he bit into it, it was raw...I mean raw. We told the waitress and he ordered a hamburger.  Waitress apologized, manager came over and apologized and offered free salad bar while he waited for the hamburger. Hamburger arrived and guess what...it was raw in the middle, not rare I mean raw. We laugh about it every time we drive by, the raw meat restaurant. Gross
Stopped in here recently with my mom, generally I am pretty fond of Ruby Tuesday. However on tonights visit we where seated promptly. But where seated at a table with a rather large wet spot on the seat. Which the the waitress wiped up after telling/taking our orders but forgetting to ask for drinks. The waitress was relatively prompt and attentive. The food however took an exceptionally long time to be brought out  (20 minuets at least) and my mother's spaghetti squash was cold.  The manager did come out later on and talked to a couple of the tables. He quickly checked to see what the problem with the kitchen was. Lo and behold that was actually the last spaghetti squash for the night. He then offered us free desert in addition to reheating the food. Overall not a terrible experience. But there are a few issues that need to be corrected.
2 words: Garden Bar!I love, love, love Ruby Tuesday's Garden Bar. The rest of their menu is great too. The burgers and sliders are also fantastic. Treat your tastebuds to their Buffalo Chicken Burger or Bacon Cheeseburger for a great mouthwatering treat. I grew up in Gloucester, and I remember when there was no Ruby Tuesdays.I love the atmosphere in this restaurant. The windows are great at letting the natural sunlight shine in. I haven't eaten here in close to two years, but I made sure this was the last restaurant I ate at before moving across country.
The sneeze guard on the salad bar is so low that I consider it a glass limbo bar.  You have to do the limbo if you want any items from the back row.
My family used to go to Ruby Tuesdays in other areas a lot when I was younger. It was a fun atmosphere, the staff was always fun to talk to and the food was plentiful and yummy. As the years have gone by, my favorites on the menu have dropped off and now there isn't a whole lot to choose from-- I'm not hard to please, but good gracious... overpriced frozen burgers/sliders, mediocre chicken sandwiches, and prepackaged veggies and other food items.. Ugh! I'd rather have Wendy's for goodness sake! I've sampled quite a few of their specialty alcoholic drinks... Apparently you don't have to attend bartending school anymore. They just pop in the drink on the screen and follow directions. Not to sound like an alcoholic, but there was VERY little alcohol in any of my cocktails! I sat with a girlfriend and had 3 martinis (she drove), and I left with no 'buzz' at all. To top it all off, the salad bar has shrunk as far as the number of items on it, and the price has gone up! Go figure! The staff at the Gloucester location can be found around the bar area- just standing, or at side tables eating their food. No one was attentive to our table and we waited for 5 minutes to be seated while the place had more servers than diners... And they were awkwardly staring like 'who is going to seat them?' The last and FINAL time I ate and will ever eat there was for brunch. The menu is ridiculous and overpriced for a chain restaurant- there was nothing special on it... So disappointed that this restaurant has gone downhill like it has!
In Gloucester, VA in an area known as the Middle Penninsula, there is a war brewing.  A war that has spanned the test of time and is so emotional that men lock their jaws and and look down for fear of betraying tears of anguish.  I speak of course of the Applebees-Ruby Tuesday confrontation.  I only have sampled the RT side, but I am in this town for another 3 nights so the world is my oyster.  I had a cheeseburger and a big beer.  It was fine.  What pushed this place to 4 stars was Allie, our waitress.  We each needed 2 checks because of expense report procedures, which is a total pain and she was a trooper.  So thanks Allie. I will return, because there really aren't many other choices, but also because this is fine casual chain restaurant.
Being that farm fresh has left us on Military Hwy, Ruby Tuesday is the next best salad bar!! I literally only come here once a week for the salad bar which is always so fresh. I know I can make a salad at home but I can't get the best croutons and balsamic vinaigrette in the world from the grocery store. The woman at the bar is hands down the best. She literally has 8 arms. She handles the bar, the phone, and takeouts.
Went to this establishment to get dinner with my family and the experience was extremely unpleasant. I have a 1 year old & being that she was a little whiny (normal for a child that age!) a customer complained. As a result of the complaint our waitress literally rushed us to leave. She brought our check out with our food, then she came back multiple times just to see if we were ready to pay and basically leave. We didn't even get to enjoy dinner! Very unprofessional. I called and complained and all the manager could say was "aww, I'm so sorry. "
Food was great. Good variety. I had a steak while my wife had shrimp pasta. We got chicken tenders for my toddler. Good was ready quick too.
Having driven 500+ miles and coming off an unfortunate hotel experience resulting in us cancelling our stay, separate review coming, we were tired, frustrated, and hungry, so we decided to stop here last minute.Right when we walked in the hostess greeted us and she was exceptionally nice. I mean nice to the point that we all but forgotten about our frustrating night. I ordered all you can eat salad and the grilled salmon with rice and vegetables. While I don't go out of my way for run-of-the-mill American fare, I have to say my food absolutely hit the spot. The rice salmon and veggies went so well and was just what I needed.I had the chocolate lava cake for dessert but since I had been on a diet cutting out added sugar, it was too sweet for my taste.The star of the night however was our server. She was a young lady only on her third day. She was very nice and respectful and always asked us if we were okay or needed anything. Also, my friend who is also a waitress complimented her and was giving her some tips and she was very receptive to them.To summarize, while American chain is not on my radar, the food and especially the service, greatly improved our sour night. If any place deserves 5 stars it is this one.
Came to Ruby Tuesday on military hwy Norfork Virginia, with a party of 9 service horrible once I spoke about the wait on the food. The waitress showed me her TRUE colors service was in the toilet there after. My sandwich was missing Bacon, informed the waitress she returned with Cold Bacon!! The manager act like this was the Normal here. She took my sandwich of the bill and my son Shrimp that was Over Cook!! The Day is 08/11/2021 arrive at 7pm and receive our Food at 8:25. I was told it was Rush Hour by our waitress, but people coming behind us receive their Food? I pick this place for my Son Graduation...........Man O Man.
Disgusting!!! Ruby Tuesday's needs to be closed. Hair was in my food. I got sick after eating.  This place is the worst!! The restaurant was dirty and people not following rules to use gloves at salad bar. I would have given them no stars if I could. Ugh!!!!!
This was the To-go chocolate lava cake and apple crumble skillet we ordered last night... it came with these three bites of ice cream and this is what the lava cake looked like when we opened the box. Both desserts tasted decent but it was definitely not worth $16 and we would not recommend.
I had a great experience here. Our waiter, Don was very attentive and kind. The experience was wonderful. The food was great and the customer service was the cherry on top.
Ordered a grilled chicken Caesar for pickup. Received a crispy chicken ranch salad.. didn't really have time to have it corrected... hence the fact that I was ordering for pickup. So much for a healthy-ish lunch.
The ruby relaxer has a ton of ice. But the food was great. Got the trip with chicken ribs and shrimp. Tasted great.
First time to dine at a Ruby Tuesday - things must have gotten much better after Dre S.'s review of 2008.There we were, muy hungry after watching the Admirals lose to the Hershey Bears; our group of 5 families (25 people) arrived about 10:40 pm, 20 min prior to their closing at 11 pm.  There were still a decent number of patrons dining, so we thought it worth to ask if they would seat us even though they were kind of in wind down mode and we would obviously force them to keep the kitchen open longer.The hostess was very accommodating and sat us quickly at a few tables near each other.   The manager and waitstaff were friendly, and we had zero issues with ordering as they provided everyone with an individual check that we consolidated by family at the end, departing the restaurant around 12:45AM.There were no complaints about the food - I think everyone ordered something different, so it was good across the board.Service was slightly slow on the beverages and refills but forgivable due to our size.  A bit out of the way from our house, but I'd happily go back.
husband and i stopped going to this resturant about 2 years ago.we decided tonight it was late, we are hungry.. things must have gotten better.we couldnt have been more wrong. we walked in and stood there. a hostess came over about 3 minutes later and asked. have you two been helped? (stupid question. if we had been..would we have been standing at the door?)waitress apparently had better things to do then wait on us.my glass was empty for over 10 minutes. i did the annoying ass sucking of the last bit of drink.. u know what im talking about made everyone look at me LOLabout  15 minutes later had to ask for another refill. if you check on the table. shouldnt refills be assumed.. we had just gotten our food.gave her the credit card and had to wait again. she had a total of 4 tables . another couple asked the bus-girl if our section had a waitress.needless to say we wont go back.left small tip.
Update:  Since the pandemic, this Ruby Tuesday isn't nearly as clean as it should be. The sugar containers on the table are grimy. When nearly all of the plates at the salad bar are gone, you can see a very unclean corner filled with remnants of "stuff". As we walked up to the restaurant, the trash receptacle outside was overloaded with trash laying around the door. There was also an old sweet potato laying in the foyer that clearly had been there for awhile.I watched on Monday an employee bringing out a tower of fresh ingredient replacements for the salad bar that where stacked on top of each other. Were the bottoms of those containers clean? Who knows, as he put them each out on the salad bar. They should have been brought out on a tray.It makes one wonder, what's happening in the kitchen? How involved are employees with cleanliness? I'm guessing not very much when you see the front end of this Ruby Tuesday. If they are struggling to gain more customers, attention to detail would help. Seriously.
Upon entering the restaurant we noticed that there were about 10 tables and 2 people at the bar. We were greeted and seated by the hostess. while waiting for our server we noticed one waiter (Eric) running around, bartending, busing tables, running food and taking orders. While the manager, hostess and what appeared to be a new server standing around in the wait station.  Eric went above and beyond to make our experience pleasurable, while always having a smile on his face.  We couldn't believe the laziness of the manager and that she never stepped in to assist him or delegate other employees to help out during the Friday night dinner rush.  We can't say enough good things about Eric, you really have a gem of an employee
I haven't   been to ruby Tuesday in a while after a bad time there before (hair was in my food).  I order a new item on the menu a crispy fried chicken sandwich and tots. The plate was for a child.  The sandwich was the size sandwich you would feed a child.  My hubby had a salmon plate and it was overcooked I know I have many places I can go but here will no be the place.
Omg I'm back on Team Ruby! I have not been here in so long. Even when I used to go in the most frequent years, I only went to enjoy their cocktails. But this particular day I wanted salmon but did not want to leave the house for it. After googling and searching I found on GrubHub that Ruby Tuesday's had salmon. This salmon was a hickory glaze and I got a side of two loaded baked potatoes. I was so apprehensive about the entire thing, but I wanted to take a chance. I am glad that I did not hesitate because it truly pulled me back in to how much their dishes do not disappoint. Well some dishes! I cannot wait to go in person to see how delicious this is straight off of the grill. Even the bacon crumbles from the loaded baked potatoes were really really good. I was also excited to see that the butter and sour cream for the baked potatoes was completely separated in their little small containers. Oh the best part and I know it's more on the Grubhub side as well the delivery was amazingly fast. Good job Ruby Tuesday I will be back I am now a fan again.
3.5 stars. Ruby Tuesday is a casual restaurant chain that sells appetizers such as spinach artichoke dip and chicken quesadilla, main entrees such as burgers and baby-back ribs, and a small selection of desserts and beverages. My husband and I ate inside this location of the restaurant one time for lunch. The seating hostess promptly seated my husband and me at a table. Soon our waiter arrived and took our orders. I noticed that they both wore their face masks around their chins. I did feel happy to see a container of hand sanitizer near the salad bar. The salad bar cost only $5 per person, and it included many ingredients to assemble a tasty salad as well as ready-made potato salad, macaroni salad, and some fruit. For our entrees, my fish and chips consisted of somewhat thin fish filets (my husband commented that they almost looked like fish sticks!) with tartar sauce and crispy French fries. My husband ate a chicken sandwich. He does not like to discuss his food, so he simply said that this sandwich and the accompanying French fries tasted "fine." His drink was raspberry tea, and it had an extremely raspberry flavor that he liked. The waiter did bring a drink refill. The waiter also bought out our bill promptly. The total price was $41 plus a tip. He thanked us and told us to have a wonderful day. A couple of hours later at home, my husband commented that his stomach felt a little upset, but he did not get seriously sick.
Great tasting food, salad bar is filled with all kinds of options and Kelly was the best server hands down! Didnt come and check on us to often, cleared our table when needed, and was just a superior server!
Me and my girlfriend went out for our anniversary on Saturday. And it was absolutely horrible. The service was great. But the food was actually disgusting....the burger I got was not only undercooked. It was not put together right at all. Every drink we got had a dish watery taste. And my girlfriend got the $15.00! Mac and cheese and it was the nastiest thing I've ever had just all and all a really horrible place do not recommend.
Food not bad. Service ok especially if head waitress there. They need to clean up the whole restaurant. Tables not thoroughly cleaned. Window sills scattered with dirt and dead bugs. Not appetizing. Will not return until it's cleaned up. New owner take notice!!
Well what can I say. Service was the absolute worst I've ever had. The waitress never came to check on us during our visit. Our drinks ran low. It took me twenty minutes to get a refill. We waited 40 minutes to get our food. When they brought the food out they forgot mine. So I had to wait extra time while everyone else awkwardly received theres. The food when brought to the table everyone complained was either cold or lukewarm. In addition I ordered the Cajun chicken pasta. No seasoning on the chicken and the chicken was chewy. Not appetizing at all.  Food was bland and cold. It's the type of food you would serve in a retirement home or a prison. In addition our waitress, swiped our cards got the receipts and then disappeared to the back of the restaurant. Which is concerning considering how often information is stolen. Cherry on the cake. The table behind us who waited the same amount of time as us got their entire meal comped for their wait. I can only assume this was due to our table being a group of younger individuals. Beyond disappointed! Do not eat here! It's a complete waste of money and time. However side note, I did take the plate of food I couldn't eat and gave it to my dogs they loved it! One star for the pups
Ordered from here recently, I ordered the steak and shrimp with a loaded potato and green beans. Everything was done exactly as I'd ordered and was very tasty. My order was a takeout order and everything was included that I needed (napkins, silverware, reciept).
Very unsatisfied and disappointed here the food was cold and undercooked. The vegs were practically raw. Baked potato was even cold. I sent first plate back as did my dinner companion but second plates were worse. This place definitely gone downhill. I spoke with other customers who were equally disappointed with the food. The only good part of this visit was the service our waitress alex was very good, polite and helpful. She did a great job.
I agree with the poor service comments.  However, we were offered a dessert because our appetizer never came and our entrees were messed up. Do not order the lemonade unless you really like to pucker.
If I can, I avoid eating at this restaurant.The only time I will end up in Ruby Tuesday is when a family member chooses to eat there.  It's a mystery to me "why" since the entire restaurant experience is important to me.  It may be for the mixed drinks but I can't say for sure since I don't drink.An important part of the restaurant experience is the service.  Suffice it to say, the hostess and servers have not been trained to be attentive in taking care of patrons.  It may be that you wait to be seated and you certainly wait once you are seated so if you don't have a lot of time, this place may not be for you.  The servers disappear between infrequent visits to the table.  If you need something, like to pay your check, good luck with finding someone to take care of it.The food, however, is quite good if you can stomache the treatment from staff.  The average prices are between $9 and $12.
I have never been to a Ruby Tuesday before but I had a very pleasant experience! They have a new fit and trim menu where they designate which menu items are under 700 calories! I had a steak and my date had the chicken - both came with fresh veggies! Delicious!
Not bad, wait times were a bit high. this was surprising as the place was basically dead. Food was on par with the other locations I'd been too. Not bad, not great. Just "okay."
Service can be slow but the staff seems to be friendly. They seem to not know how to do their jobs quickly and takes a while for bar drinks to be delivered. Their menu isn't that great so you either like it or not.
Horrible service! Wait time is off the charts! I do not know if they hired a large number of "new" people or what, but this is unacceptable. It will be a long time before I return here. I waited an hour and a half for some chips and dip as an appetizer and a coke. I then had to ask and wait 20 minutes for the bill. Should have just left...
The cooks are complete garbage. The managers are less then helpful. The average ticket time on a weekend night is around 27 minutes. ive been to other ruby tuesdays and this is by far the worst. i usually enjoy this restaurant chain.
This is a follow up of my terrible meal 2 weeks ago, customer service got ahold of me by email to apologize and asked for my phone number to talk to me about this, well I'm still waiting for them to call me or respond to my email. So much for trying to make things right.. Don't think I'll be back at any location.
I must have been mistaken in thinking this was a more upscale all-American type place. This is an upscale train wreck. I realize they oversat this poor waitress and none of this is her fault in the least. But the food was terrible and the drink service was so delayed that I finished my meal and had time to post a review before we got our refills. The drinks were fine. But even a basic chicken salad was a clusterf*ck. The mashed potatoes must have been sitting under a heat lamp since Moses parted the Red Sea. And not sure what a was on top of the tilapia but it wasn't a cream sauce. It was more like something that was lurking around the pasta sauce and something rubbed off on it. At least the shrimp were not overcooked. That's a plus. The chicken sandwich was leaking. That's the best I can explain it without further description. We're regretting the decision to skip Sonic at this point. Don't make that mistake too.
My wife and I went back to an old favorite last night and we thoroughly enjoyed Streetsboro's Ruby Tuesday and their special Hickory Bourbon smothered Salmon Steak platter which was served with al dente veggies (zucchini for my wife and broccoli for me) and potato. She had french fries that she claims were even better than what she remembers were really good fries from McDonalds, and I enjoyed a perfectly prepared baked potato with butter and sour cream (I topped mine with freshly ground black pepper of the highest quality, which is always right there in a grinder on the table at Ruby Tuesday.We arrived earlier than normal and were glad because it got very busy after 5:30, but our server, Jennifer, served us exceptionally well, thank you!
Michelle was our server she was polite, .this server was on it, I waited for nothing she was attentive and quick. The hot wing were delightfully delicious, the fish and chips fried perfectly.  It was really good, my tea glass always full. Great Job!
I was at the Streetsboro location yesterday, the one star is for Pam my waitress !! She was great .The food was awfull !! It was cold ,(both meals we asked to have it  reheated ) I thought I was being picky until I asked my Friend . And Hers was also cold. She ordered a medium steak that was mid-rare and told me well it was a little better at least warm  The sampler platter of appetizers the pretzels were  ok cheese dip out of a jar not warm , cheese sticks were not hot as I took a bite the whole piece of cheese came out . There was nobody on the whole side due to COVID......another reason I felt our meals could have been better and at least hot . Having to pay for salad separately from meal is bull crap .After paying 15.00 for entree, Just an epic failure Ruby Tuesday I was a fan forever of your salad bar alone but you've lost 2 Loyal customers.
Clean. Food tasted decent, once the whole order arrived. My husband's order was entered incorrectly and arrived 15 minutes after my meal. A server apologized and corrected the order. If I had waited my food would be cold, so much for date night. No offer of discount or anything else to comp the issue.
Me and Hubby went for our free hamburger and fries. They were ok. I had to call for a waitress to order drinks and food. She was to busy BS with other customers to see us. And when she did get our stuff. She said she never seen us. She seen us come in Really!!!! I willn't ever come back. Denise R
Mmhm delicious as usual! Love that salad bar always keeping it clean!Always great service and love those coupons and Military discount!Thanks for great food and always helping with allergy concernsYour food and service just gets better each time which is great because it makes for a good city! Came in tonight for in laws bday and had a sirloin, salmon smothered burger and pork loin! And those flavored lemonade and teas! Great team guys thanks again and see y'all soon!
So it's an RT on a Saturday night at 7pm. The fact that the place is half empty and all the other comparable restaurants have a 30 min wait should have been the clue. No wait for a table for 4! Come on in! We sit down at the most remote small booth in the corner despite many roomy tables that are clean and ready. An especially unenthusiastic female waiter comes over (MC) and is so robotic and lacking any people skills - why do you have this job? Waited over 20 min for appetizer- " it was served to the wrong table and we had to remake it". - had to ask for little plates to eat it on. Etc etc Salad bar $9.99 - yes many items to choose from but not a wide selection of proteins ( cubed ham and hard boiled egg) but plenty of belly busting mayo-based unidentifiable salads ( potato? Broccoli-shredded cheese? Some apple and celery thing?)We were traveling through and this served the purpose but if you have a choice, think again.
Terrible.  The lettuce on the famous salad bar was turning brown and when my wife pointed it out they said it comes in a bag and it's all probably like that.
Cha-ching cha-chain place. I was the guest, and my hosts picked the place. I was in from out of town, and none of us are familiar with the Streetsboro area, so we agreed to something common: Ruby Tuesday. Common is the word, without much else to it. I'm not against going back, and I get why plenty of people like these places - they're consistant for what they are - chain stores doing chain-like business.
Where to start with this. We went to RubyTuesday on Clinton Hill, Niagara Falls, ON today. We arrived at the tail end of the lunch run (about 1:15). We were seated fairly promptly, but had to wait 15 minutes or so to place our order. We ordered simple items, a burger and fries, and a baked potato with soup and the salad bar. As we waited for our food, we could hear someone screaming at an employee in the kitchen. We continued to wait for about 45 minutes before giving up and asking our server for a check for the soup, salad, and our drinks. She apologized and said she would bring the check. A few minutes later, a woman later identified as the manager showed up with our food. We told her that we no longer wanted it. She was rude, started making excuses about how busy they were (half the tables were empty, there was only one large group). When we insisted on the check for what we had consumed, she got angry and stormed into the kitchen yelling at someone that if they were hungry, eat this!Our server came back to the table and apologized again. We told her that we were sorry she had to work for such an unprofessional manager. Needless to say, this was our last visit to that restaurant.
Utensils=dirtyTable=dirty/UNSANITIZEDChairs=dirtyStaff=unfirendlyNO PLATES PREPAREDMargarita=watery! Cnt even taste a shot of the tequilaDespite covid, staff should already know the protocols on what must they do to keep the area clean. One word, SANITIZE!This place is pretty open to relax and chill with any bottled drinks/alcohol..not to dine in tho..
The seating area and the view were good however the service was extremely bad! The staff was lack of training and it's a mess. First, nobody came after we seated for a long time. We asked, then a waitress who seemed very grumpy came and took our order. Then it took another super long time to get our drink, which was only part of our drinks. If you have an extra hour to waste and want to sit around and wait, then you could try it out.
Dropped by this restaurant as the wife was hungry and it's been a long day being a tourist in the area. It was empty upon entering which is a obvious sign for the experience to come.The menu is burgers, pasta and steak at any restaurant nearby. The price is rather high and the food lack presentation. I opted for the steak with mash and broccoli. My wife got the bacon burger with fries. Overall, it was a decent meal to fill the hunger but nothing special with high price tag.
As others have said food is meh and service was slow. Chicken fingers, fries, shrimp all tasted like boxed frozen food. Really really not worth the price you pay. Seriously we only came here because other restaurants had long wait times versus this one was mostly empty but avoid our mistrals and just get fast food like Wendy's or something. Don't get me wrong food was edible and tasted alright hence the two stars but you can go to the grocery store to pick up a box and heat some up yourself
It was our first night in Niagara Falls and we wanted to go full tourist, so Ruby Tuesday seemed like a pretty solid bet.We were almost immediately shown to a pretty sweet booth - god I love me a good booth - and immediately began perusing the menu. I decided that a hamburger was probably the thing to get in a joint like this, so I went with the Smokehouse Burger ("Cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, barbecue sauce, and crisp onion rings.")It arrived a short time later and sure looked impressive. It was almost intimidatingly tall but I managed to take an initial bite and although this'll never be mistaken for a top-notch burger, I enjoyed the heck out of it. The bacon and onion rings gave it a nice smoky flavor and I enjoyed the sweet, tangy barbecue sauce. The patty was in memorable but fine.I should also mention the fries were piping hot, which is always a pleasant surprise. The service was friendly and attentive, too.We were too full for dessert but I'd definitely be into returning someday to sample their sweeter options.
This restaurant has terrible service and the food was extremely expensive. What was served to us looked like it was thrown together in a rush and it didn't even taste good. I was expecting something fantastic with the prices being so high. I was so wrong. There was 8 of us in our party and no one was happy with their meal. Our waiter didn't even check on us once. The drinks were even horrible.  I do not recommend this place at all.
Hidden gem. Honestly not sure  why the low reviews but the 4 of us had a great experience. NO line up. Quick service. Great food. Accommodated gluten and keto! Meanwhile people are lined up at Kelsey, having to wait an hour and inhale street traffic fumes, this patio is on the upper level. Nice and private with great views of the falls and the strip! Go and enjoy
The food is so overpriced for garbage quality. May as well go to the keg for those prices. The waitress was complaining about her job the entire time.. TO CUSTOMERS. Completely unprofessional and such a bad experience. I actually made a Yelp account just so I could complain about this failure of an establishment.
Don't go there! They're giving you frozen food with bad serviceWe went last night and firstly got an entree wrong. Ordered one thing and the server totally denied and said that he thought it was the other one.Then they totally forgot to use salt in a few things. Their burger & mashed potatoes.We had to ask for napkins.Then we had to ask for ketchupThen there was no salt pepper on the table.Don't waste your money. There are plenty of nice places around
Food was delicious. If you get appetizers I recommend the Chicken strips. Aloso I recommend the salad bar it has everything!! definatly a place to come when in the area. Also not that pricy
While in the home stretch of a long night doing the Niagara tourist thing, we popped into Ruby Tuesday for a couple of drinks, and maybe some food.The servers were extremely kind, and the place was nice and clean, if fairly empty.Located in the middle of Clifton Hill, it allows for a great people-watching view.While we ended up not ordering any food, the drinks were brought very quickly, and the price wasn't too offensive. Bonus points to the employees actually enjoying themselves. One guy started randomly singing, probably not realizing how loud he was actually being, but it was really funny. Another took a time-out to call his girl and his kid. The height of unprofessional perhaps, but they were prompt with their service and were nice guys, so who cares?No complaints here. I'd return.
My girl got the mini burgers with the unlimited garden salad I just had a beer. One word BOOOO! Nothing  like finding lots of old brown pieces of lettuce in the so called fresh salad. The burgers were dripping with grease, very disappointed. Total was almost 30bucks!
I dont know if it's just Canada, but the ruby tuesdays I've experience in the US are so much better.The restaurant advertised lunch menus but when we sat and asked for them, they said there werent any. Ok? False advertisement. We ordered wings and ribs, it did not taste that great. I ordered a strawberry daq and my boyfriend had a beer. The bill was REALLY expensive. Roughly around $60 and it was not a fulfilling meal.The service there was not friendly, since it is a tourist place I was expecting them to be friendlier. At least ask us how we're doing with our vacation and so on. Compare to all of the other restaurants we visited in the area, this is the worse.
Food costs more than in the US. It also doesn't taste as good. I had mash potatoes and broccoli. They both tasted old.
Went here at 11pm, so maybe the food was sort of old. We ordered the spinach/artichoke dip & it was pretty gross. It just had no taste (besides salt?) & was also yucky looking. Our waitress was nice & we got the Thai shrimp apetizer instead, which was served fresh out of the fryer & was SO delicious!!! It was a nice big plateful too, which was fabulous & a perfect late night snak to share with the hubs. My bro had the ribs & (all you care to eat) salad bar & liked it.   The hot chocolate tasted like a Swiss Miss packet of cocoa, but was tasty & served with whipped creme.
It sucked! We just settled in our hotel from the long drive there and we were starving. We ordered the Bella Turkey Burger Deluxe having mushrooms and Swiss cheese on it. We couldn't wait to dig in. Minutes later the waiter comes with 2 plates. Honey, here it comes, he put the plates down and to our surprise a delicious LOOKING Burger with 7 French fries on each plates total= 14 fries. My boyfriend looks at me I look at him, are they serious. Ok fine. the burger looks good we begin to pick it up and eat as tons of grease hit the plate drowning my 7 fries. It taste like crap, so disappointed. It was so bad we removed the burger and it taste much better with everything else on it. Now the waiter we had was nice, attentive and even recommended the gravy on fries that we tried. Not too bad. But not another chance Applebee's, Boulder Creek, TGIF or Outback's,  your better off.
You'd probably be suspicious of restaurants in a touristy area like Niagara Falls, and especially of one located in the heart of the monstrosity that is Clifton Hill.  But despite all the hucksters trying to draw us in to their restaurants along the hill, we always bypass them and head for Ruby's at least once a trip.The food is very good, served fast and hot, and it is not salted to death or over processed.  The service is also very friendly.  Their signature is probably the all-you-can-eat salad bar, which isn't enormous but is kept well stocked and fresh.
I don't usually get too excited about chain restaurants from the US, but I've never had a bad meal at any Ruby Tuesday I've been to, and the one at Clifton Hill is no different.The salad bar was well stocked, and the food came out quick and hot.  I had the avacado turkey burger and was very impressed.Service was decent - friendly and curteous, although not totally efficient.
Definitely a different menu post pandemic. The menu now is more like Chili's or Applebee's. I always like going in their pre-pandemic and sitting down to where I felt it was a real meal. Now it's fast food. I ordered a Philly cheesesteak from the menu and it looks nothing like the picture on the menu. It was a very soggy raw cod with cheddar cheese sauce. Again nothing like what the menu pictured it to be. Very disappointing
Ruby Tuesday's Vero BeachDate of service 1-19-2022My wife and I local so we have been dining off an on at the Vero Beach Ruby Tuesday's since it opened. They consistently have a decent salad bar.  You have to work at it and special order items but you make it an okay choice for a low-carb-based meal.Date of this visit 1-13-2022.Kelsie is always our waitress whenever possible.  She always remembers us, what we like and how we like it.  She is always kind and friendly as well as quick and efficient at serving us.In my experience, it is hit or miss at many Ruby Tuesday's as to whether or not they will cook items, like their salmon, to order (i.e. medium) or not.  This one does which makes for a perfectly mouther-watering, buttery delicious piece of fish.We usually only order the salad bar and add grilled chicken and/or grilled salmon which they prepare very nicely (except with an occasion new cook, then it may require a re-order).What would make it a 4-5 star review for me? More grilled and healthy entree and options that are scratch cooked with fresh spices and herds and not heavy starchy sauces. In my opinion the menu is mostly starch heavy, fried, or heavily sauce/gravy heavy that makes them taste like every other processed food, fast food chain.The Pic's are from a previouse visit
Ordered food well in advance then spent almost 20 minutes waiting in lobby. Figure out your timing people it's not that hard for goodness sakes.
Good food great service. Stopped on our way home and missed having a ruby Tuesday. Did not disappoint
This place needs more than a 2 star overall review. I was in town at the casino and we stopped in for lunch. The food was not which to die for but as a picky eater I found it to be acceptable. We had the glazed chicken and mozzarella sticks with the salad bar for both of us. Everything was fresh, hot, didn't seem like it was sitting around all day and night, staff was friendly and chatty, alcohol was good and the price was a little high but ie the 4 star and not 5. I'll eat here again.
Restaurant has brand new cooks and wait staff. Our order was messed up from the get go, starting with the server forgetting to click send on the computer. We waited almost 2 hours for our meals. Then food was lousy!  My daughters burger tasted funny. Our fried shrimp was barely fried. We just gave up. The manager deducted all the food. He was at his wits end with all the staff. The young man doing hostess duty and busing duty was absolutely wonderful!!!  Don't bother driving in this restaurant's direction, it's worth the wait at any other place. Will never go there again!
I usually go here about once a week. Service at the bar is always friendly and good is decent for this area. Tonight, not so much. I sat at the bar as I usually do and waited for about 5 minutes which is normal and I don't mind to be honest since there is only one bartender and no servers in that part of the restaurant. I wasn't greeted by the bartender, instead was looked at rather rudely and asked if I was picking up an order. I said no I am here to order and she just said, for here? Anyway, was given a menu, wasn't asked if I would like anything to drink so I asked for a yuengling, was told they didn't have it so asked for a corona. Was given the beer with no lime or a "here you go". Was it a little busy? Yea, was it my fault, nope. When I paid, no have a good night or anything. I have worked in the food and bar industry for my whole working career and cannot stand rude service. If I see you being cordial with other customers and not me for some odd reason, not sure what the deal is. I'll walk right out if that person is behind the bar when I go back. Now the food. I never expect something amazing since it's a chain restaurant but it's food. I've never really gotten anything I don't like. However, this time I knew the burger was a frozen Patty that you can get in bulk, you could just taste an odd flavor. There were two tiny pieces of onion on it and rotten lettuce. I understand that meat is expensive right now and the place may need to cut some corners by ordering prefrozen beef, but lettuce and onions tho?? You can get ecoli from bad lettuce and it is super cheap. Just seems places don't care anymore to serve decent fresh food and have a friendly bartender.
Place is not good.  Food was super suspect.  Queso and chips was like a humus.  Asked for more chips, never came.  Salmon was decent.  Steak was junk.
The waiter was one of the best we have ever had! His name is Lowell C. He should have a job at a classier establishment. He is on the ball, friendly and pleasant.The french fries were excellent.Floors need major attention. Very sticky. I thought I had stepped in gum, but nope. Carpet and tile very sticky. Boyfriend noticed it too.Chicken was tough and soda was flat.The dining room is open even though business looks deserted from the road.
My husband and I went to this location to celebrate our wedding anniversary. What a total nightmare! We sat down at the bar and ordered drinks. I ordered a Long Island iced tea. Being a former bartender I could tell that there was almost no alcohol in it at all. It was so sweet that I couldn't even drink it. I sent it back and ended up ordering a beer which I don't like to drink, but I knew that it was something that the bartender couldn't screw up. We ended up ordering the queso cheese and chips as an appetizer. The order literally came out within two minutes. The cheese wasn't even warm, and the chips were totally stale. They ended up sending it back to the kitchen, and all they did was reheat the cheese, and the cook made fresh chips. The cheese was still very bland and did not have much flavor. Two strikes against them so far! I ended up ordering chicken wings as my entree. Most of them were very small wings, smaller than my pinky finger. There were only two large wings that were in there, and they were full of fat! They were absolutely disgusting! I couldn't even eat them. Thanks for ruining our wedding anniversary dinner Ruby Tuesday's in Charles town West Virginia! Three strikes and you're out. Never had such a horrible restaurant experience in my life.
Here with Elaine Ross Neufeld. New menu and the food was excellent
GROSS! Just avoid it, I will never go back, couldn't even finish what they gave me, everything tasted like it was a frozen meal and they just heated it in the microwave.
Visited on a pretty packed Saturday night. There was a 15 min wait but I managed to snag a table in the bar area. Our waitress was very nice but could've been a little more attentive. I got the Parmesan chicken pasta, which was pretty average and obviously frozen (not "fresh" as their motto says). But the unlimited salad bar for $2.99 was a nice touch. This is my first time visiting Ruby Tuesday's in years and I'll most likely go another few years before visiting again.
I am sick of the lack of quality control on carry out orders. We are done with this place. All they have to do is take orders and they can't get it right. Done, done, done.  One more thing; i was dining in the place one afternoon and observed one of the wait staff cleaning the glass on the salad bar with glass cleaner with the salad bar fully stocked.  What is the management thinking? Spraying glass cleaner over food.
Took much longer than should have, most of my plate (bourbon chicken and zucchini) was burnt. Husbands pretzel burger was greasy and made the bun soggy.  Drinks were below par...no alcohol taste,  wouldn't recommend.   Manager did come by and offer free dessert but we declined.
No fish burger!  All the others still make it even though it is no longer on the menu.   Off my list of dining places!  Seriously they have several tilapia dishes and hamburger buns valor. How hard would it have been?
Will never return! Received a coupon by mail for $10 off two entrees.I'm widowed and asked if I could get $5 off one meal.Manager said absolutely not. Suggested I order one meal and get the second as "take out". I'm not single by choice and do not appreciate being discriminated against because I am  .Manager could have shown a little empathy and improved his customer service considerably by being more sensative to my situation. He was a total jerk, focusing solely on his profits and not on his customer!
I am not sure what has happened to this place, but we will not be returning again.  We used to enjoy going there.  The restaurant was practically empty and we had to wait for about 5 minutes before anyone even came to the front to seat us.  The menu has changed and the food was substandard.  The salad bar was absolutely awful.  It wasn't stocked, and what was there was old, wilted and just gross.  All the dressing containers were empty except for 1 of them. The appetizer wasnt hot and had to be sent back to be heated. We were totally displeased with everything and didnt even finish our meals.
I like it however my like in the menu is limited as I am a picky eater.  The food I do end up eating there is done correctly and tastes great.  All employees have been very polite.
Stopped in here the other day to have a birthday dinner and thought we'd write a review. This particular location was a bit better than the others in the area. The service was far beyond what I usually expect to get a chain restaurant, especially a Ruby Tuesday. Between the five of us that were there, we put down quite a few beverages and the server was spot on, we never had one empty glass. This was a Saturday night and it was packed so we were pleasantly surprised. The food came out quick, everything was just as we ordered and prepared correctly. All of it tasted great. The only gripe we have is with the portion size but that's not by fault of the particular establishment, it's just how things have been since Ruby Tuesday decided to attempt to reinvent itself. The prices went up, food quality stayed the same, portions went down by a lot. That being said though it was a good experience overall and we'll certainly be back, especially with those cheddar biscuits!
Ugh. So hungry figured a salad can't be that bad... and it was surprisingly pretty tasty but man it smells like it needs to be washed in there. Girl helping with to go orders using her fingers to clean her eyes, playing with her hair - lawd take me now. Everybody looked like they woke up and went to work - no effort. I'm bougie don't trust me if you like side of the road food go for it. Me and my household staying out this place.
Poor customer service, no greeting, no eye contact, appear as annoyed when you request items that are missing from the order you paid for, no sense of urgency, no accommodations made for inconveniences, no manners in general. To go orders treated as trash and thrown together and missing items.
Every time I order online or on the phone my food is never ready when I get there I still have to wait for 20 to 30 min  to get it and my break is only 30 min
Like the previous review mentioned, this location deserves ZERO stars. It takes a lot for me to write a review about anything but they had this one coming. Let's start with the fact that my friend and I both got food poisoning from the salad bar of which we are still medicating for. Let's also add the fact that we weren't seated for more than 5 minutes because NO ONE HERE WORKS. I'm sure the GM would be shocked to know the employees here stand around like a gaggle of geese gossiping and joking around instead of serving paying customers. The salad bar was lacking several items and I had to ask the server to refill eggs, croutons, corn, cranberries and several other things TWICE and it never happened. She didn't bother to check on us for anything until we were ready to go so she could get a fat tip and had the audacity to complain when I gave her 12% out of decency. She literally earned NOTHING but I was raised to tip at least 10% even if the service is terrible and the fact she loudly complained making a scene in the restaurant is an experience I have never had before. The entire staff should be fired here. This is the worst Ruby's I've ever been to and amongst the worst 3 dining experiences I've ever had. 0/5 DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!
If I could rate this location a zero for customer service I would.  I had been a frequent visitor of this location. There's never no one there to place to go orders.  The employees walk around and ignore you standing without asking for help and get an attitude when you do ask for help, siting it's not their job(bartender). The female day bartender is extremely rude and argumentative.  I have decided to no longer frequent this location as the customer service is just NONE and AGGRAVATING.  I waited 10 minutes for someone to place my order and this was the person clocking in for work and another 20 minutes for my order that I was told would take 10 minutes.  I had to inquire about my order and of course I could tell it had been sitting around as it was not warm.  I work 5 minutes away and wasted my entire lunch dealing with unprofessional and rude employees.  It starts at the top.  Management apparently  allow this type of behavior.  DON'T WASTE YOUR PRECIOUS TIME AT THE  SULLIVAN ROAD LOCATION.  HORRIBLE SERVICE.
Look, staffing shortages are bad everywhere. If you can't be patient, then cook your own darn food.The staff I dealt with at this Ruby Tuesday was excellent. There weren't enough of them for the amount of filled tables, but they were working their tails off and I appreciated them very much. I think my waitress (twice) was named Nelly (Nellie?) and she was an angel.Let's not forget that the most important part of a restaurant's business is the food, eh? It is all excellent. Somehow the kitchen is able to crank out amazing food even though I'm sure they're short staffed too.The bar makes amazing drinks and the food is good. If you can get over yourself about waiting a bit to get your stuff, then this is the perfect place for you.Try it out...seriously.
The garden bar was so great! Ms. Tequila you are so sweet and funny! My friend and I had a great time and look forward to coming back
Slow being seated(10mins from the time we walked in). There were only 2 of us. Our waiter was bussing tables and being hostess. After bein seated l, we were given menus and she dissapeared for another 15mins. We just decided to go get the salad bar since we could serve ourselves. It was not busy they are just slow!
This was a mixed experience. On the plus side, the food was surprisingly good. I had the 8 oz sirloin, and it came medium, as ordered. Tasted good and served hot. Fries and broccoli decent. That said, service was painfully slow. I came in a large party, around 6:30. We didn't get out til 9, and my water was never refilled in 2.5 hours, despite me asking. Probably not a bad option for a small group or family, but look elsewhere for larger parties.
Ordered two appetizers, the coconut shrimp and loaded fried, as a Grubhub order to be delivered to the hotel directly behind the restaurant. I was traveling alone with my daughter and we got into our hotel around 8 so wanted to have something delivered quickly. We ordered the 2 appetizers with the delivery fee and tip our total was $36.00. When our food arrived... over an hour later, my daughters 6 pieces of shrimp were cold and my "fries" that had to replaced with tots since they were out of fries, were cold as well! The loaded fries are supposed to come topped with queso and shredded cheese. The food was so cold the queso had hardened! It was a total waste of money.
Not sure why it doesn't have a better rating, but the service was professional and the food was worth the price. My dish was the Louisiana Fried Shrimp that had a nice cajun kick, a side of onion rings and a side of sliced tomato drizzled with a balsamic vinaigrette. It was very filling and satisfying. For dessert I tried the Blondie, which was ok, but not the best. But the experience in its entirety was superb.
Fair food .... but noisy and dirty. Waiter was overly friendly (hey, bring me my food....I don't want to be your buddy)!  The friendly waiter was super slow. I'll go elsewhere next time.
Very friendly service and very good food. I had the turkey avocado burger with green beans and zucchini on the side. The burger was excellent and the sides were good. I also had a nice draft beer. I was at the bar and thr bartender was wonderful and attentive. I will come back when I am back on town.
I always remember seeing commercials for Ruby Tuesday on TV when I lived in southern California but would NEVER see any wherever I went...so it was cool to finally see that there's a Ruby Tuesday right across the street when we arrived at our hotel for our Atlanta visit!We got to our hotel pretty late since there was delay at the airport/rental car, so we settled on having a late dinner here. It took awhile for us to get seated - the restaurant was about half (maybe a little less than half) full with lots of servers, but somehow no one was by the door to seat customers. When we finally sat down, the service was pretty good for the rest of the night, though!We (me, my mom, & my sister) ordered:1. fresh guacamole dip - overall, it was a little dry & they didn't mix it very well because there was a huge part where it was SUPER salty! but it does come with endless chips (not that we needed refill...we were super full after the 3 dishes) and the kick from the jalapeno gets to you every now and then too, ha ha...2. fried mozzarella - pretty standard appetizer, was very hot/crispy so it was very good!3. New Orleans Seafood - I think we were tricked by the picture in the menu because our dish looks nothing like it! well, i think it's because the shrimps were much smaller and we only had 3 or 4 of them on our tilapia...overall pretty good, and we got fries + green beans. fries were delish but the green beans were kind of blackened from over-cooking...4. NY cheesecake - this was SUPER delicious...it was unfortunate that we stuffed ourselves with food; otherwise, we would have killed it in a heartbeat!I was pretty impressed by the service here - very attentive & very fast at serving. I would say the service is excellent but the food experience here overall is very similar to a TGIF...not super great, but not bad either!
Gotta love the Dirty South!  Came here after a brief visit with the Atlanta PD.  Ordered me up a cheeseburger, medium well with PIMENTO CHEESE.  Yup, you heard correctly, PIMENTO CHEESE.  I topped off that bad boy with some cole slaw and devoured that burger like a hungry tiger would a helpless baby cow!  Loved it!  To all the veg heads out there, suck it!
Went into the dining room for supper at around 8:15 and waited 30 minutes before going to the bar and was asked  "What"? Really that's how you greet someone. I just left. No wonder this place is dead and has 2 stars. I went to Malone's across the street.
No one was at the front to seat our party. A young lady who was there waiting on here take out food that should have been an hour prior motioned to someone around the corner. The manager and an employee emerged and began arguing in front of us. Two RED flags in less than 5 minutes and we should have left immediately but decided to stay and dine in. Tables weren't clean and restaurant was nearly empty. Bottom line it took nearly an hour for our food to arrive. Service was subpar. We will not visit this RT again. This is disheartening because we would eat here at times passing through Atlanta before COVID pandemic. Should have read reviews before dining because each conveyed the truth. Complete overall needed.
We were in a hurry to leave town. So going to Ruby's our fave in Pendacola. But here we waited and waited and waited. The hostess literally dragged her feet. A small beer arrived about a half hour later. An hour later and still no food! If I could give negative stars I would.We finally left after much patience. Unbelievable!!!
Slow!  Don't go here unless you have a lot of time.    30 minutes to get a beer after ordering!  Still waiting for food an hour after ordering.  Not even busy at all.
High priced, frozen cooked. Hamburger was tasteless and fries cold and soft. Do not recommend.
Went here for random dinner and had to wait incredibly long to be seated. When we got there it wasn't even busy. The hostess was very incompetent. She just kept waking back and forth not giving any update on the wait time. Once we finally were seated our waiter kept asking if we wanted to sit in the front instead even after saying we were fine where we were. The food was decent and came out in a timely manner. Definitely train your employees on basic customer service skills..
This location is disgusting!!!! When we walked in, we thought we were at an abandoned Piccadilly's! The salad bar is like right past the front entrance (think summertime, now think flies...flying everything), the set-up and decor if you can it that is totally gross and was a total turn-off. The floor was filthy and after we were seated we look to the the right and some unfit parent has allowed their non-talented child to scribble mess all over the wall in crayon...WTF allows this??? And what's really disturbing is that the establishment did not even remotely try to remove it or paint over it, but felt it was ok to seat customers next to it?? The service was....I'm not sure how to describe...her intentions were sincere, but she yapped way too much (not in the mood to hear anything when your food is unappetizing), she kept coming to our table every 5 minutes to check, yet kept bringing wrong sh!@ and it was beyond annoying! The cheeseburger was, ugh, could've gotten a better one at BK, asked for everything on side, but of course it came with everything on it, my friends asked for no sour cream on dried-out potatoes and of course it came dripping and oozing with sour cream, we asked for very little ice in our drinks and the glass comes filled to the top (we ask the waitress for a glass and spoon to take out all of the ice, she watches us do this, yet NEVER offers to have the drinks remade)....and the only response we get from the waitress is, "I told them too, I told them too." Uh, that's not a an appropriate response if you keep delivering the wrong sh!@ to people's table. Will NEVER EVER come to this location again!
Wait time was just horrible. Server was more worried about other things then our table. Went to the gas staion after to buy things to eat for dinner. If they really cared about good food and service they would fire the entire crew. Hire someone to come in and clean the place. Then do a regrand opening.
Horrible service! Staff doesn't give a damn. They act like you are bothering them to get service. Everyone is in the kitchen and NO ONE is on the floor...not even a bartender. People are wondering if they are closed. The manager shld be fired for a piss poor staff. The walls are filthy in the booths. Gross!!
Visiting from out of town and came in for a late lunch after traveling. We were a party of three and came in the middle of the afternoon and though the restaurant was empty except for the bar, we waited for 5-10 min to be seated. When someone came to seat us, she said that she saw us waiting but did not apologize for making us wait or offer a reason as to why. Our server was polite and friendly but was not very attentive; it took a long time for her to come back and take our order. The restaurant remained fairly empty during our time there and our appetizer and food still took longer than it should've (2 hamburgers and a ceaser salad). When our food did come, she brought us a salad without any silverware. When we asked her to bring silverware, she said she would but never came back. We had to go up to the bar to request them. I would not recommend coming back. The food was okay but wait staff had poor customer service.
Terrible service !!!!!!  And they are running a parking scam ! Restaurant is in east point .........a few feet away parking lot is in hapeville  . Walked my friend to her car they booted me !!!! Ask manager to explain and tell parking service that I just ate there , he did nothing !!!!! Signs states that parking is for Ruby Tuesday and hotel . After arguing with boot service had to pay or leave car !!!! 75 dollars !!! Manager of restaurant did nothing !!!!(  Plus bad service and friend discovered  a piece of hair in her food....... a long pieceof hair inner twined in her broccoli ) again manager did nothing !!!!!! Bad Service !!!! Bad Parking !!!! Bad  Restaurant !!!!!! Warning !!!!!!!!
Horrible service!!! Ordered one of two talapia meals, was brought the wrong one, ordered wine and was charged more for it than it was supposed to be, before we could even put our behinds in the booth we were asked what we wanted to drink-can i look at the menu first?!!!! Will not go back ever again!!!
The place is Nice and clean however the service is horrid. Im actually sitting hrre right now and we waited 30 minutes for someone to take drinks. Ok this place sucks the food better be good.----When i got the food my order was wrong.. Seriously.. there are barely any people working.. And when we ordered to go, OUR SHRIMP WAS UNCOOKED. Worst place ever.
Nicely appointed salad bar.  Typical basic menu.  Good wait service.
I'm such a fan of a half way decent salad bar and therefore, I love Ruby Tuesdays over counterparts.  This one in particular is absolutely fabulous.....if you order the salad bar (I imagine this is the case with this chain).  I have gone here with a group of 12 to 15 people and 45 minutes in, people were only getting drinks.  Unacceptable with an hour lunch!  If you do brave the menu for an entree, a salad bar usually can be added for a buck.  They've added some new additions like the southwest corn/black beans mix, red peppers and they seem to cycle through other things (cherry tomatoes versus tomato slices for example).  All in all, this is the only place I know of in the area where you can make your own salad and they do well enough to get my service.  That makes me a fan
Food was great, the Service was fast.  Best off all the people there are very honest.  My cousin forgot his new $500 watch inside the mens restroom and had to catch a flight to Virginia.  He thought he lost the watch for good.  But to my amazement when I called Ruby Tuesday, Charles the Shift Manager at the time, went out of his way and found the watch for us.  We are so happy that honest people stil exist and works at that location.  Thanks again Charles and our waiter Marvin for such great food and honesty!Sincerely,Wendy
Good service , excellant salad bar . Generous drinks .worth the money more than other comparable chain restaurants.
Got a few items to go, including two Cobb Salads. They forgot the egg on both and were closed by the time I noticed.
Luke & Dalton we're our bartenders and they both were absolutely phenomenal! As Luke was coming off of shift, Dalton took over our check at the bar. My fiance & myself both ordered hot & dirty martinis, one set from Luke and my fiance's second from Dalton and they both made the perfect build of the cocktail. Food was also spectacular for a chain, we have had such luck at our local RT in upstate NY. Highly recommend Somerset!
Understaffed and you can tell. The staff was nice and the food was good. The staff wore masks, some under the nose, but still better than many other places. One of our meals didn't get their side of mashed potatoes until we were leaving. The waiter put it in a to go box which was nice but a little frustrating that it wasn't served with the meal. Overall, okay.
Ruby Tuesdays in Somerset is a good restaurant . Everyone wears a mask and they seem to clean after every customer I feel very safe eating there. The food is reasonably priced and very good ,wide selection of food which is rare in this time of Covid 19. Service is also very good no complaints whatsoever.
Salad bar was bland, servers chatting about their boyfriends right behind our heads, salmon tasted like a combo of fish and rubber
It's your typical Ruby Tuesday complete with the salad bar. We stopped in here for lunch and the place was pretty empty, although we were here early (around 11:30). Restaurant was clean and server was friendly and attentive to our needs. I always hit the salad bar when at a Ruby Tuesday's and I love their croutons, especially when they come out warm! I went with the Ruby mini lunch special which included two mini-cheeseburgers plus the salad bar. Overall, no complaints.
The salad bar is about the only thing on the menu worth a grain of salt. I ordered. $17 bacon wrapped shrimp and ribs. My co-worker ordered the Chicken Alfredo. His broccoli was mush. My shrimp had the  smallest morsel of bacon on it I have ever seen. Not Impressed.
During our first night in this area we looked for a non "fast food" place to sit and have a nice dinner.  The interior was nice looking but all the food was bland mostly lacking basic seasoning.  From the shrimp fondue appetizer that was part of their advertised "push" to the rib eye steak or even the salmon that appeared precooked with heavy blackening rub (more burnt taste that seasoning).The only decent food was the spinach/artichoke dip and 3 pieces of grilled shrimp (for $3) that we ordered to go with the salmon.Service was okay but I would not return due to the food.  The grilled vegetable wrap at my ski resorts bar had better flavor overall.During out first night in this area we looked for a non "fast food" place to sit and have a nice dinner.  The interior was nice looking but all the food was bland mostly lacking basic seasoning.  From the shrimp fondue appetizer that was part of their advertised "push" to the rib eye steak or even the salmon that appeared precooked with heavy blackening rub (more burnt taste that seasoning).The only decent food was the spinach/artichoke dip and 3 pieces of grilled shrimp (for $3) that we ordered to go with the salmon.Service was okay but I would not return due to the food and the price.  The grilled vegetable wrap at my ski resorts bar had better flavor overall.
The food and service isn`t great. It`s way overpriced for what you get. The staff, and managers are not friendly.
Never tasted such revolting food. The salad bar was NOT fresh as the macaroni salad had a funk to it and the vegatables from this bar where hard and unedable. The burger I got was a plate of fat and disgustingness. onlygood things about this place are the appatizers which are just average and like any other chain place and the unlimited refills of the sodas and soft drinks.
Passing through, stuck at hotel.  Walked here had a burger and a few beers.  Did the job, just ok
You know it is a bad sign when it is the middle of summer, hot, and you are craving a mojito, and the only place to get one, sort of, is a chain restaurant out by the WalMart.
Was in the North Charleston ruby Tuesday a few months ago. All I will say about the visit is I watched an employee wipe down the salad bar and threw everything on the floor and didn't bother to clean it up and walked away. I will never ever ever go to Ruby Tuesday again after seeing that. That Has to be a health violation.If you are thinking about going to this Ruby Tuesday don't just don't.
Oh man, where to start. Ruby Tuesday used to be pretty good about a decade ago, but times have changed. The place was so under staffed they could only have maybe 10 tables out of 40 or so open at one time. There were two waitresses for the entire place, and I don't think there was anyone designated to bus the tables because empty tables stayed dirty the entire time we were there. I'm not sure who was washing dishes, but we ordered our water and they came in dirty cups. We asked for different glasses of water, because the grime on the inside of the cup wiped away with a finger swipe and I didn't want my kids drinking out of dirty cups. We get our new glasses of water and those cups were dirty as well. After asking for clean glasses our waitress didn't come back to our table for a while, which is fine as there were literally only two of them, but it did feel a little personal. We finally got to order our food, and my husband ordered the Triple Play Platter with ribs, shrimp, and chicken ($22 bucks)...the portions of this plate were...disappointing and definitely not worth 22 dollars. The rest of the food was mediocre. We did tip our waitress because regardless of my feelings towards the cleanliness and food portions, she did bust her tail and was friendly. We will not return.
We had a wonderful meal at this Ruby Tuesday! We enjoyed their salad bar though a bit small they were quick to refill the bar and replenish any toppings that were gone. Their loaded fries were amazing! We got cheesecake to go and throughly enjoyed the friendly service and kindness of our hostess.
Seven shrimp, one baked potato $17.49 is absolutely ridiculous!! While ordering was told to choose two sides minutes later the waitress comes back to the table and says there had been a change "mid day " and my meal only came with one side. No change to the price! Manager came over said I'm sorry and agreed it was ridiculous but couldn't do anything about it. While leaving a woman comes in with a small dog on a leash "no it was not a service dog ". First and last time I eat there. I now know why Ruby Tuesday is becoming a thing of the past.
Eaten at plenty of Ruby Tuesday's, this one is a sh*t hole. No way to sugar coat it. "Menu change in the middle of the day" which included no longer getting 2 sides with the meal but the price being the same. The staff was unprofessional and looked thrown away (manager included). The food, decent at best. Mashed potatoes were cold. There is a reason so many of these places keep going out of business and this one is a prime example.Side note: As we were leaving a woman walks in with her dog on a leash, not a service dog. Just a regular little nappy chihuahua.
I really wish I took a picture of our food!!!! We walked in a hour before close and really expected really quick and horrible service. AmariRay, Crystal and Myra are employees to make a change. They are a awesome group of individuals also the cook. Although we came in late we was served and tended to as if we came in early. Our food was so delicious. Service was a 10 out of 10!!!!!!! The shots we requested was on point!!!!!!! Perfect!!!! Food perfect!!! Service perfect!!!!! A award winning group of employees tonight. $130.00 + on everything and well worth it!!!!! See you all soon!!
the management was not very nice while we were there. They made us wait 20 minutes just to come an tell us that what we ordered was not on the menu today. It created a very uncomfortable situation for my family and friends on my birthday. I wouldn't suggest taking your FAMILY here if you want it to be special.
If i could give it a big fat Zero I would . Literally the worst and most disgusting place I have ever been to in my life . Please don't go here . Omg never bring your children here . So dirty ! The food is gross and the people that work here are covered with food and stains on their clothes and they are so unfriendly. The salad bar is horrendous! . Can't say enough about how awful this place is !!
I called prior to my arrival to inquire about the weight and was told about 20 minutes. I arrived ten minutes later to be told it's still 20 minutes but after a few was immediately sat in the bar area since there was no one sitting at the bar. The waiter was very cordial and he provided our initial drinks fairly quickly. He came back several times because it took us a little longer to order. Once the food was ordered we went and help yourself to the salad bar. They are usually known for their salad bar and for the most part it was pretty decent but there were several things that they were out of an obviously were in no rush to replace since I or entire trip they didn't replace things like the signature croutons among other things. What are food arrived we had one minor set back which I was able to get corrected. My big issue was constantly having to tell the waiter to fill a bar drinks even after bringing stuff to the table and seeing the cups completely empty. Yes that is a huge pet peeve for me to have to ask to have my drinks refilled since when they are in a completely observable area and are to the bottom empty it should be an expectation for them to be filled. Several times I had to find him and let him know we needed something to drink. Other than that the food was pretty decent and the visit was mostly uneventful.
Update from last review:   Things were much better this time around. The food tasted better though once again it was thrown on the plate with no real care. To me presentation is what fuels my appetite....but I digress....The Ruby Relaxer was pretty good. The salad bar once again saved the day. Steak was prepared as asked. Our server was visibly overworked but she was very nice and attentive regardless. Overall I'm pleased
In early for dinner - big mistake. Servers were too busy talking about school/gossip than they were to talk to their customers. Server did not know items on salad bar, nor did she bother to maintain contact with the table. When the time came for the ticket, a hostess had to be flagged down to find our server ... turns out she was at the server station getting her hair braided by a coworker.  Yes - you read right.Food was about what you'd expect for this chain - fairly unimaginative, but reheated very well.
Salad bar was adequate and not fantastic as others have suggested. Our server Brooke was very sweet and the grilled vegetables were good. The real question is what in the world am I doing in Summerville, SC on a Saturday night?
The service has always been very friendly and great. I always do the salad bar it's always fresh, no salad bar horror stories. I really go for the drinks, ruby tuesday drinks are so exotic and amazing, like the elderflower liqour with cucumber vodka and passionfruit and whatnot, they'll agreeably make it for me without agave and with seltzer instead of sprite! It's soooo good and i love that i can get the drink spirteless and agaveless without offendng the bartender lol (like some other bars i've been to where they get all snotty like when you tell them no - whatever)
salad bar is yummy with lots to choose from... I got the turkey burger sliders and salad bar... Burgers were good once they got my order right and the cousin had the same but with buffalo chicken sliders.  I had one of his mini burgers while we waited for my food to come out right and it was also really good.  The bartender/waiter was friendly and very attentive, wish I would have got his name
Needed a steak knife to eat fork tender ribs. I've had better here
This was probably the dirtiest restaurant I've been to in a loooong time. Someone had a period mess all over the bathroom and it made me want to RUN but we had already ordered. The salad bar sounded good but was out of plates and also out of almost everything ....not well stocked. Standing in line at the  salad bar there was a sticky invisible mess on the carpet. It was disgusting. They need a health inspector and a deep cleaning. If they can't then they need to close up shop  for a while to reset or just throw in the towel.
This just may have been our worst restaurant experience ever. To start, the first worker we encountered ignored us as we walked in, walked past us multiple times without saying a word to us and left us waiting at the door to be seated for about 5 minutes in a mostly empty restaurant. Another waitress came over and sat us at our table. The table was sticky and dirty, high chair had food crusted on it and broken snaps and the booth seat was collapsed. Against our better judgement, we ordered the salad bar with our food. It was under stocked, not fresh and what was had the tongs/spoons laying in the food, handle and all. They seemed understaffed and our young waitress was juggling multiple tables and greeting guests, it took a little time to get her attention for silverware. About 10 minutes after ordering, we heard the kitchen call order up. The middle aged waitress went to the kitchen, came out looking at us and then just stood there not taking out food to anyone. After quite a bit of time, our food was brought out cold, mushy and absolutely disgusting. The bbq nachos was topped with what looked like American cheese sliced that cooled into a plastic like texture. The chicken was puverized into a sauce that looked like vomit. My husband's Philly cheesesteak hoagie was cooked on a dirty griddle, we both spit out our first bite and it was covered in burnt black speckles. The bathrooms were the worst ever encountered in a restaurant. The women's had poop smeared on one of the seats, the other yellow drips down the side.  Piss on the floor and toilet paper strewn about - it is clear it had not been cleaned in many business days. Customer service, poor. Food, disgusting. Establishment, a disaster. I've been to many Ruby Tuesday's - this is an embarrassment to the brand.
The food was horrible tonight.  Got 2 sirloins. One was to have been cook medium and was well done.  The other was to have been well done and was charred on the outside and raw inside.  The kids chicken tenders were left in the fryer 2 minutes too long.   Salad bar was good except the ice berg lettuce was brown on edges.  Waitress was at our table 3 times without removing empty salad plates.  Would not recommend.  Guess that was why there was no waiting in a Saturday night.  Lesson learned.
We stopped here on the way back from vacation. Thought a fresh salad bar sounded good. This was by far one of the dirtiest restaurants I have been in for a long time. The salad bar was not fresh, but it was stocked. There was a film over some of the food showing it hadn't been stirred or changed in a while. The waitress did not refrain from telling us they were short staffed. Half way through the dinner she said she had enough and locked the door around 8:30. I took my son to the restroom and was disturbed by the amount of urine caked in the urinal and unknown substance all over counter. It was quite concerning about the cleanliness of the kitchen. I posted a picture of a no ice sign. I am trying to wrap my head around this. Since McDonald's across the lot has bags of ice for $1 and my drinks were served with ice. Do they not have an ice machine? And this was the only restaurant with a sign on it.
The food took around 35 minutes to come out with almost no one else in the restaurant and with the wrong toppings and sides we ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and the sauce looked like it was left out for a week and was not appetizing at all would NOT recommend!!!
Had chicken tender dinner tonite, tasted vaguely like shrimp. I think they probably cook the shrimp and chicken in the same oil.
Went in after running into the Edinburg outlet mall. We were pretty hungry so I went in to see the seating and there was plenty of seating available. We were greeted by a waitress who was pretty nice. We finally sat down and started to look around and no one had masks on  per mandate and the posting on the business door. The waitress that greeted us didn't have her mask on appropriately leaving out her nose. The kitchen staff had no mask on at all. We left. Time to go. The additional star was that we were greeted immediately.
The chips were really stale and water tastes like bleach. Found a hair in my drink, and the restroom sewage system is very loud and obnoxious. Dirty plates and dirty silverware. The waitress was very nice and helpful, best one I have had in a while. Best part about the whole lunch was the pineapple upside down cake.
I work at the mall next to this location. I thought the salad bar to go would be a nice lunch. I purchased the soup and salad bar to go. After paying, I was give my box for the salad bar. I walk over I there was no lettuce, and half the toppings were empty. I paid almost $15 for this.  $17 with a tip6 waitresses were working, less then 10 tables were occupied. One of the customers I heard asking to see a manager. I heard one waitress asking were a plate was because her table had be waiting 39mins! Holy moly. This place is definitely Not manned by motivated individuals. I will not recommend any of my customers to have lunch at this location.
Delicious garden salad buffet makes a lovely Saturday afternoon break for lunch while shopping the outlet mall. Must try the mango ice tea, yummy.
As they say in radio-land....first time, long time.  My first ever Yelp review after years of "lurking."  Finally a place so bad I had to write a review.  9 of us dined at the Ruby Tuesday outside the Edinburg Outlet Mall last night.  We were there on a swim-meet weekend, competing at Franklin High School, about 20 minutes away.  We were seated after a slight delay and proceeded to place our orders, I played it safe getting the "garden bar:" and some "Chef Inspired" chicken wings.  My wife had the Louisiana Fried Shrimp, with Onion Rings along with the garden bar, while my youngest son went for the Quesadilla.  Unfortunately my oldest son and the competitive swimmer selected the Parmesan Chicken Pasta.  All of our dishes arrived without delay, which was nice because a few of the folks around the table ordered the Queso Dip with chips.  The Queso might have been the nastiest looking goo I have ever seen.  The Quesadilla and the Chicken Wings, while nothing to write home about were fine.  The Shrimp on my wife's plate looked like something straight out off the GFS truck and the Onion Rings probably were on the same dolly with the Shrimp when they were wheeled off the truck and into the freezer in the back of the restaurant.  All of this for $12.99.  PLEASE!!!After a few minutes of eating I look over at my oldest son and notice that he is picking at his food.  Now let me tell you, this kid is 16, a swimmer and a growing boy.  He eats!!!  Normally he does not pick at his food.  I look over at him and he says "this chicken tastes funny," and he leaves the table to go to the restroom.  I follow him and when we get to the restroom, he feels like he is going to get sick.  He doesn't and I tell him to go back to the table, eat the pasta and leave the chicken alone.Too late, damage already done.  At exactly 108am, he awakes in the hotel room and immediately runs for the bathroom.  After a few seconds of heaving uncontrollably, he starts choking!!!  He has a food particle (from his own vomit) stuck in his throat.  He can't catch his breath!!!  Finally he does and proceeds to deposit his entire meal in the toilet at our hotel room.It is now 24 hours after this wonderful meal and we are treating him for full blown food poisoning.  His fever is 103 and he has been reduced to a shell of his former self. Do yourself and your family a favor and avoid this horrible place.  I understand that accidents can happen anywhere, but it is restaurants like this that give our American food supply a bad name!!!
The food and service were great but my mother, stepfather, and myself all had very upset stomachs later in the evening.  We went on Christmas eve.  I have heard this from several people and also know one individual who swears that she got food poisoning from their salad bar.  Be careful what you order here.  This has been the second occurrence wherein I had experienced GI disturbance from this restaurant.  I'm beginning to think it's not a coincidence.
Food was outstanding for a family environment, however, the service left much to be desired. The waitress happily chatted with us as we explained how we were active duty military even though she was letting us order nine dollar scotch drinks. A warning next tune would've been much better. A twenty minute wait for the manger to clear up the problem didn't account to much as she never showed up. I believe that the military personnel training in this area should steer well clear of this establishment as it is nowhere near the bang for the buck.
I had never had Ruby Tuesday before but shopping makes me hungry and there are limited options in the area.  When in Rome...  The food was pretty average but I appreciated that they have several "healthy" options and many of their side items are a more healthy choice than french fries and include the calorie count (cauliflower mashed potatoes, fried zucchini, asparagus, etc.).  The salad bar has a decent amount of veggies, including soybeans, so that alone deserves a star.  It's only $2.99 to add the salad bar to your entree and I think that price is pretty fair seeing as it's unlimited.  Staff was friendly yet a bit slow, even after the lunch rush.  I found it kind of odd that it seemed like the place could use a good cleaning.  The floors were sticky, the salad bar was askew, and the front doors and windows were very dirty.  Yet there was the hostess, chatting it up in the bar area, paying no sort of attention.  Not sure kind of ambiance they are going for.  The menus look fancy but the salad bar and general grime reminded me of a Big Boy.  Take it or leave.
Overpriced food, lousy salad bar. Not very good, terrible music, too.
Average chain.What I did not like about this location:  This wonderful salad bar was right at the front door.  People waiting for a table were crowded next to the bar and it was very drafty since it was cold outside.  Poor set-up.What I like about RT in general:  I dig the retro/contemp decor.  I love their salad bar.  Their salad bar is not all sugar-coated with things that really don't have anything to do with a salad.  If you want a good all-you-can-eat salad with all the veggies and grains, RT is the place.  I like the square plates, too!  This non-vegetarian restaurant has several really cool options for the vegetarian in your group.
Haven't had Ruby Tuesday in a long while and enjoyed my turkey burger.  The staff was a little slow and was taking down names despite having a number of tables open.
Bar has several pluses.  Non-smoking, friendly staff (for the most part).Reason for one star is how I saw my food being prepared before serving me and the attitude of the manager.I was sitting at the bar so I had a full view of the prep/serving area.Saw what I figured was my dinner.  Two of the waiters took it down from the heat shelf.  Then I watched as these two used their finger tips to rearrange my food and then pick up a towel (RAG) that was on the prep table and proceed to wipe the edges to include the areas around the food with it.  After they liked the way it looked the placed the now dirty (dirtier) rag back on the table and turned around, walked over to me and set the plate down on the bar.Refused it on what I had just saw.  The manager came over and informed me this was "normal" practice there and fully within the food inspection/codes.  Also told me it was "corporate policy" to do this. The rag I had watched being used was not a rag but was a clean towel they used for this.  Manager was very indifferent and didn't care.Told him they could close me out.  I paid for my beer and left.Be aware if you don't mind your food being rearranged with the waiters finger tips and then the plate wiped with a "clean towel" this is a pretty good place.  If you like the managers that don't care it's another plus.
Best Rubys visit ever. A great waiter makes all the difference. Ours was Andrew.    He didn't mess around with keeping the drinks full and bread on the table!    Perfect way to end the day of shopping!  Thank you.
Stopped in for dinner, sat at the bar since I was flying solo.Ordered the Lobster and Steak combo for $15.  Lobster was a bit over cooked and the steak was nicely done.  Veggies that came with it were excellent.Blue Moon beer was very fresh and tasty.Service was good.  The lobster being overcooked cost them 2 stars.  They weren't busy, yet it was obvious the kitchen was running behind.Parking was easy.
Gets 3 stars because it's one of the only sit-down restaurants with mid-level prices in town; would probably be 2 stars if there was more to choose from. The food is what you'd expect from a national chain - nothing special, but it's usually good enough. I'm partial to the raspberry lemonade, avocado quesadilla, and New York cheesecake with blackberry sauce. My meat-eating dining companions say the steak is usually decent as well. As with most chains, service varies widely - some servers are fantastic, some are awful. It really depends on who you get.
So the food is good, really good. The service that's where it gets bad. The dude who took my wife and I order was something else. He came out like twice while we were there. Slacked in the drink department. Our total was 50.66 we gave him 3 20s and he asked if we wanted change. Don't ask that wow lol. Then comes back comes back 9 ones. I know it's 44 cent but he pocketed without saying a word. Also when we got the boxes and stuff he was standing over us waiting for us to pack them. Faking doing things on his handheld thing.
Was very  pleased with the gluten free Alpine Burger. To get a good tasting gluten free bun is so hard and it was AMAZING, and cooked Medium rare to make me happy. I truly enjoyed my food.The service was not so good and the manager was rude. Because she didn't want to deal with me she comp'd our entire meal which wasn't necessary (the meal they forgot to bring was though). Place wasn't busy, we did have a large party (a team) but we weren't hard to serve, this should have been easier to handle! Will go back to Ruby Tuesdays, just not to this location or with a large party! Happy I have leftovers though!
I do not eat much neither does my older mother so we usually share a meal. But Ruby Tuesday has this special running 2 for $22. So we decided to try it. Well when the bill came there was an added $12 to the bill that was unknown to us. When asked it was additional charges. Apparently not everything advertised as 3 for $22 is it's actually 2 for $34 when the bill comes so be aware pricing is not what it's advertised and no one will tell you! The food was good and the waitress nice but we would not have ordered those meals if we were not deceived on pricing.
The quality of this particular Ruby Tuesday's has gone from bad to worse, , today we came in and was told the wait would be 15 to 20 minutes due to a large party of 15 as they had reservations, but to wait when half the restaurant had vacant tables. If we waited the service would have been so bad because all the attention with a small Staff would have been a two hour meal . The chef was on his cell phone, and some servers were just standing doing nothing. Total unorganized management. Someone needs to be fired . If you can't handle a party of 15 , you need to close down . We went to the Villages location and was seated immediately.
If I could leave less than one star I would. I ate in the bar area one night and waited and waited and the Bartender refused to take my order, I guess it wasn't HER job. So I got up and went to the Ruby Tuesday in the Villages and Always get great service there
I placed a take-out order for a plain hamburger with no cheese, cooked medium. I got a cheeseburger, cooked rare. Wha??
Ordered delivery food, a steak with mashed potatoes and salad.  The mashed and salad were only average but OK.  But the steak was excellent. It was only a sirloin, not an expensive cut, but it was perfectly prepared, truly rare just as I'd ordered it, and very tender.  I was really in the mood for a steak and I was so glad to get a good one.  Also, I was pleased at the way it looked.  Sometimes cooks will just throw delivery food into the takeout containers, but tho not fancy this was neat and nicely presented.  All in all, very satisfied and glad I decided to order from them.  I will definitely order again.  Thanks, guys.
I had an exceptional experience at this restaurant the service was fast and friendly and the food was excellent I am on crutches following a motorcycle accident and they even help me back from the salad bar table without even asking I am very impressed with this Ruby Tuesday's highly recommend it to anyone!
I've been going to Ruby Tuesday on 441 for will over 12 years and I've never had a bad meal I like the rib combo special with chicken nuggets and fries shrimps I like the salad more for $3.99 the different lettuces and spinach has are very good as well as all the different pasta John the salad bar. Another couple of dishes I enjoy are the glazed salmon as well as the New Orleans tilapia with shrimp. You should also try the chicken and shrimp over pasta with this pesto sauce it's just a little spicy and very delicious the servers are always good in First Quality have a drinks are good to
Well can't say much other than we walked from the hotel next door to eat here tonight after long day of filming. We were looking for something healthy and light and not too much salt added to the food I chose the healthy bacon chicken breast with salad bar and tell you the truth it was just what my stomach was looking for
This local Ruby Tuesday was clean with decent service. I had the steak and Blue cheese flatbread that was very tasty but not worth the $13.99 I paid for it with a sweet tea. This is why most of my lunches during the week are usually eaten at my desk and consist of things from home. Fast food I can only do maybe once a month when I need a cleansing, and these chains just have no good deals anymore. My colleague had chicken tenders and he paid $13 for those as well with a sweet tea. $13 Chicken tender lunch? Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is wrong with these places charging that much for lunches on weekdays?
Read reviews on another site that were pretty glowing so we gave it a try tonight. We walked over from our hotel. When we first stepped in, I thought it smelled a little musty/old.We had the salad bar. It was alright.  Veggies were fresh. Would have been better with some fruit, perhaps. Lots of dressing choices and several options for greens. My husband liked the pasta salad.
I'm not a big fan of having to get up when the food is brought to my table to go find utensils. There was no hostess when I got up to the front so I just took out the four sets I needed and then someone walked over and asked what I was doing. I told them we didn't get utensils when we sat down...her response..."Ok, cool". NO, not cool.
Had low expectations at this place that borders a dying shopping mall, but we were traveling and hungry. The salad bar is the thing at Ruby Tuesday, but don't confuse that with cheap. I got the tilapia, which is often tasty at mid-range chain restaurants, and it didn't disappoint, but the parmesan cream sauce drowned the flavor. My hubby got the crispy chicken sandwich, and said it was OK. What's a crying shame is that an average lunch cost $44 and change.
Food was over salted, small portions for price! Everything was poor except the server.Won't be going there again. Not at all what it used to be!
I reviewed this restaurant about a year ago, and it was two stars.  Several weeks ago, my wife and I decided to try it again.  This time, one star and I doubt we will ever return.First, I would like to say the young lady that was our waitress was as good as any we've had anywhere.  That's your single star, Ruby Tuesday.The bad:  YOU NEED A TRAINED MANAGER!  This location had a bunch of young kids hanging around the entrance to greet and seat you.  Too bad they had no instructions as to how to do their job.  One of them was also cleaning tables.  Too bad no one trained him to get all the slop off the tables:  yes, my side of the table was not wiped cleaned.  Opening the napkin wrapped silverware show a fork that was not clean.  We had burgers.  My wife's was as she ordered.  Mine was great, but only as a shoe sole!   Grossly overcooked.Why does this chain think they can operate without a trained manager?  Why do they think they need 4 or 5 high school kids milling around, where 2 trained people could the job.  I forgot to add how the restrooms could use attention, again, where's the manager.  As this seems to be the constant condition of this restaurant, the chain must feel this is acceptable.  Maybe they should hire a few secret diners to visit their restaurants at random times?
Health Inspector, are you listening? This place is downright disgusting. It just feels dirty when you walk in. There were flies everywhere, including all over the buffet. The bathrooms clearly haven't been cleaned in a while. Slow, lazy staff. Food was dried out, minuscule portions, and just badly presented. We had no silverware, our drinks got refilled, never took dirty plates off the table. Server only showed up to collect her tip. If a group of 20-somethings who never worked a job in their lives before decided to open a restaurant on a whim one day, this is what I imagine it would be like.There are so many other great restaurants nearby. I can't imagine this one will be in business much longer.
Would love to leave a good review but of course I didn't get most of my order again. I'm usually missing at least one thing but today my order came and I was missing a cheeseburger, grilled zucchini, and 2 kids drinks. Had delivered through DoorDash. So I didn't get to have dinner and the kids didn't get their drinks
Ordered the chicken fresco and shrimp fajitas, added 2 salad bars. No drink refills offered and out food took an hur even though there was only 3 tables in the sectiin,6 tables in the whole place. Waiter was friendly but the kitchen was super slow. Food was average at best and we were given some excuse about shrimp taking a long time to cook.
The food isn't that great. I've been to one other Ruby Tuesday's in Harrisburg that I wasn't impressed with and this one followed suit. I had the cheddar broccoli soup and the broccoli was half raw. Needed cooked longer. I can handle al dente to a point but spare me crunchy vegetables in soup. Panera has them beat hands down with their broccoli cheddar  soup, too bad there isn't one nearby. The baked potato was ok but it takes a lot to screw up a baked potato. The salad bar was very basic without much fanfare. The smoked ham cut in little cubes was way too smokey tasting. Overall the food deserved two stars but there is no way to break the rating down.The service was five stars, again, no way to break it down.But in the end the place is only deserving of one star because you take your health into your own hands going inside. We're in the middle of a pandemic. Covid cases in Clearfield county continue to rise and so does the death toll. I realize this is DuBois Pennsylvania and the politics of the region play into the whole "I have my rights" dialog, and people do, but not when they interfere with my rights. Why have a sign on the door of the restaurant saying masks are required when you are seating people who come in without wearing masks? You don't even ask them to put one on. Add a sentence at the bottom off the sign that says "NOTE: WE DO NOT ENFORCE THIS MASK RULE" so that I can make an informed decision whether or not I want to expose myself to covid from people walking in past my table without wearing a mask. This is not an outdoor restaurant. I left before I could see if the people who were seated without masks went up to the salad bar not wearing them. I don't have to really guess if they did or didn't. So if you feel you're immune from covid and are put off by wearing a mask then here's a place for you altho frankly, even without the pandemic, the food alone wouldn't have me coming back. But most importantly, if you're not going to enforce the rule you state on the entrance door then you need to either take the mask sign down all together or include a statement that you're not enforcing the rule so people like me have the option of turning around and going back to their car. That is not asking much.
In Pennsylvania our bars are closed and one has to order a meal in order to consume alcohol. I guess this edict doesn't apply to Ruby Tuesday. This past week a man stood at the bar with his mask around his chin ordering double shots of Jack Daniels. He drank four double shots, and two other drinks and was coughing up a storm. The bartender kept pouring, he kept drinking and coughing.
Great service. Our server made sure our drinks were filled.  Offered suggestions on the menu. Food was done well.  It arrived at a good time. I had Blackened Tilapia. It may be a little spicy for some. I enjoyed it. My wife had tHe Mushroom Burger and was done to her specification. Even during the holiday season we were promptly seated.
got a baked potatoe that tasted like it was 4 days old and heated up in microwave, told waitress It was gross and I wasn't eating it, ask for fries instead and they were barely warm,,not happy,,the bun of my sandwich was rock hard and couldn't eat it,,it must have been thawed in microwave too,,,wont be back...our total bill was 28 bucks and we walked away upset, and for some reason the waitress was standing like 4 feet from our table when she took our order and tried to talk to us and we couldn't hardly hear her,, it was almost like she was afraid of people,it was odd,i watched her while I was eating and she did it with the other tables too....the ladies restroom really smelled bad of urine,,needs a good cleaning and air freshners!
For a chain restaurant, Ruby Tuesday has done a great job with their food and service. I wish I could remember the name of the server we had last night - he was fantastic. Friendly and so helpful in determining what I could eat for my gluten free meal. The menu also offers more healthful choices such as a petite sirloin with roasted spaghetti squash and grilled zucchini. Between the lovely vegetables accompanying our meals and the salad bar we were able to get the vegetables and healthier meal that we had been craving on the road.  The food was tasty and great value too.
Ruby Tuesday has always been one of my go to restaurants when I am traveling. That is until about a year ago when I went to one in West Virginia and I got crappy service, an unclean environment, and a dish that tasted like soap. I came to this Ruby Tuesday because they had done a pretty good job in the past. They did not disappoint. The staff was incredibly friendly and went out of their way to make the experience better. The food was pretty good and everything was pretty well kept. Ruby Tuesday is back on the menu for me.
ok, i did give them two stars AND a recommendation but only because of the salad bar. the staff seems to be working hard to keep things afloat but the salad bar is not refilled and looks messy. why did i say the salad was the reason for my recommendation , well it is a good salad if that's the meal you seek and it just takes me back to when the ruby was cool.
We had to wait a good while for a table for 8. However, the bar tender made a wonderful drink and I needed it. If you ever go, ask for David as your server. He was awesome. David turned our night around after a long wait, with his commentary, energy, and service to our large party. He made it a 10/10 dining experience. Thank you so much David!!!
Ordered take out and absolutely ridiculous. Did not have Mac and Cheese as a side. One entree had the sides plus a side for a different entree. But the absolute worst was I ordered a Loaded Baked Potato and I got a cooked potato not cut no butter nothing.
Would not return. Place looked overall dirty. Table was sticky and the wall looked the same. Salad bar looked like food poisoning. I'd be surprised if the server wasn't high. My first drink came in a dirty glass with salt questionably applied to the rim. I'm not sure what the deal was with the second drink. Was disgusting. The food was OK. Only stopped here on the way to the airport, but wanting to share my experience with others.
Wow. This is the first restaurant in Jackson that was HORRIBLE and I'm sorry we stopped. Upon entering, the young hostess came to the podium with her mouth full and with an attitude. Okk. I asked her if she was ok and she said she was eating and working because they don't get breaks. Again, should have left to go somewhere else, but we didn't because we were hungry. Gabby was our server- she was nice. We ordered 3 different things- 2 out of 3 were terrible. We didn't let a Manager know because after getting turned down for a drink because they were closing... it was like, "what's the point !"Yelp has their hours closing at 11pBut they actually close at 10. We had just received our food when the hostess asked if we wanted a to go box. So rude! I don't have anything positive to say because the food and service was not up to par.
Would not recommend. Upon entering the salad bar looks like a buffet that wasn't cleaned up after a party... my booth  bench was dirty as was the window sill (like food particles & dirt!!) service was slow then when my drink came the cup was dirty. Lastly they were out of fries & onion rings and when asked if I could add sweet potato fries at no extra cost (since they were out of fries & onion rings ) Iwas told they would have to charge me extra anyways. We cancelled our food paid for my husbands beer & just ate at home. So sad truly
Man, im actually disappointed today. So much so to take the time to leave a review . Normally ruby hits every time. I normally get the same thing but today i decided to try something different and to also use a food delivery app. NOTHING against the delivery person. So much so that the food came quick and hot. The chicken today wasn't seasoned so much the sides tho, really the sides was the main inspo for the review. I ordered loaded baked potato and these folks sent me fries with that canned cheese on top  cmon now ruby . Imma write this review but imma still fw yall tho
If I could give 0 stars, I would. First, the server did not speak or tell her name (still don't know her name but if I did, I would tell you). When we ordered anything and said thank you, she would not reply. Just rude for no reason. We placed our order, and she never came back. When she finally brought out the food, she didn't bring my sister's food and stated that they did not have the Alfredo for her pasta. So I was like why bring out half the food and not tell us earlier that her meal was unavailable? So, my sister re-ordered after I had to run her down. I, also, asked for a manager. No manager or re-ordered food ever came. Keep in mind that I'm not eating my food until my sister's comes. I finally asked another waiter for the manager, and when he did come, he said that it wasn't that they didn't have Alfredo but that the order was put in wrong. So the server lied. He also tried to defend her as if she was so busy but the restaurant was not busy at all!!! Instead of owning the mistakes made, even when we told him how she never came back to check on us or refill drinks. So by then my sister is mad and asked for our ticket for just the food we had. She didn't want the re-order, she just wanted to pay and leave because we were not out for free meals like he offered. I, myself, know the steps you take when you screw up on an order, since I had been a server for 8 years. They still sent out the re-ordered in a Togo box by the 2nd server and brought me a Togo as well since I didn't eat without my sister's food. Our server and  the manager never came back to our table to apologize or give us the check, so we left hungry minus the app we shared. I know this restaurant will not miss our money but they will NOT see it or our serve again!!!! I felt like we were treated with no respect, as if we had did something wrong. We were not rude in any shape or form but were treated as if we were the ones who acted as such!!
Nobody is taking any pride in this establishment. The place was nearly empty. It was dirty. It looked like it could use a good deep cleaning. It was just dingy and drab. The plates on the salad bar were dirty and the broccoli had mold on it. Our food was food. That's all I can say. It wasn't great. I wouldn't even call it good. The manager was more interested in chatting with the waitresses than working. There were several employees there but Adrianna was the only one that was working. She was friendly and appeared to be hard working.
Service was terrible. Waiting 10 min until we were waited on. Salad bar had old food on it. All staff were rude. When asked for oil at salad bar was just told no by waiter. Waitress never spoke just wrote order down. Appears very poorly run.
So we walked in around 7pm after a long day of driving and looked at the menu.  I found several things that looked temping so when the waitress came (after 15 minutes) I ordered one of them.  She said "Oh, sorry we're out of that" so I picked the second "Oh, we're out of that too"  and guess what they didn't have the third thing I selected either.  I ended up ordering something I didn't want and eating it.  The waitress was nice, the salad bar was fully stocked and not messy and they were nice to my kid.  I guess that kind of makes up for the other stuff.
Stopped at Ruby Tuesday for dinner during a long cross-country drive. My main expectation when at a chain restaurant like Ruby Tuesday's is consistency, and I suppose it met that expectation. I wasn't super happy with the food but it may be a result of poor choices (steak and lobster mac). Our waitress was at the end of her shift and it showed, while she put on a good show when she was at the table, she pretty much avoided us unless she had a specific reason to be there.My main complaint though was the bathrooms.The men's room stank like a subway and the overall level of cleanliness was just below your average unattended rest stop.While I doubt I'll be back in Pearl, MS anytime soon--I certainly would never go to that Ruby Tuesday's again.
Our server, Angie, was very attentive and helpful.  The garden bar was fresh and well stocked. The problem was with the ribeye I ordered. I specified rare, and it came to the table so we'll-done that it was leathery, so I had to send it back.  Second time, it was fine.
Don't know what has happened to this restaurant--possibly lack of willing workers. Noticed a sign outside "now hiring". Service was extremely slow. We ordered salad bar and an appetizer with water to drink.Thankful for the salad bar because we waited ~30 minutes for the appetizer. We ordered it without scallions and it was covered so we had to send it back  and waited another 10 minutes for it to come out cold. All very hard to eat while waiting for water refill. The waitress was nice and apologized saying she had to help in the kitchen.Sadly this may be what we have to look forward to from now on.
A couple of weeks ago I placed a to go order and was told it would be ready in 20-25 minutes. We arrived 30Minutes later and had to wait 15 more minutes on our order to come out. Food was cold and employee seemed like it was a bother that we were picking up an order. I know people are human and it could be a one-off so I tried again tonight. Placed an order (two entrees) 40Minutes ago and was told 10-25 mins (weird, but okay). Arrived at the 25 minute mark and am still sitting here waiting... when I called to check on it the girl said she would check and hung up on me. Finally 15 more minutes later they bring my food and again act like it is a nuisance someone placed and order..
Second time eating at Ruby Tuesday's in a long while. Our past few experiences were not at this particular Tullahoma location so I am not condemning this establishment for what another did. With that being said, this one was probably the worst. We came in after my sons graduation ceremony. It was around 9:30pm when we strolled on in their doors. While we had noticed many other restaurants were packed full, this Ruby Tuesday's was no where close. (Hindsight is 20/20). We were quickly seated then told to wait to be seated because they had not yet wiped the table down. After it had been cleaned, we sat and looked over our menu. Our waitress got our drink orders and I asked if they seared their steaks-to which the waitress replied, "I don't know, let me ask." She came back and said no. We then proceeded to order: Chicken Broccoli Pasta, Chicken Mac N Cheese, Ribs with Broccoli and Zucchini, Shrimp and Sausage Pasta, and some Chicken and Bacon something or another... 2 adults, 3 children- So, my husband and 1st daughter received their plates first. Afterwards, we received the cheese sticks my other daughter ordered as her appetizer, my son received his order second, mine third... yep. Nothing came out for my other daughter. The waitress said she was going to check on my second daughters food and would have it out directly...Meanwhile, everyone is tasting their food...no one liked their food except for my son. My shrimp and sausage meal order was drowned in a heavy grease substance, disgusting. It was not edible and I told the waitress just that. She asked if I would like anything else...I replied no. Everyone had nearly finished their food except my second daughter who had still not received her order.She disappeared and we waited and waited through refills and even asking for a box for my first daughters leftovers...Still no food for my second daughter. Finally we asked where her food was again- and was told she had only ordered cheese sticks. Um, what?! Are you friggin' kidding me?
I was with a party of 5 on New Years Day. It took an hour before we got any food at all and then it wasn't all ready at once. 2 peoples potatoes came several minutes later, as did the chicken strips. One child's order of sliders came was slimy...don't know why, but then they remade them and they came out with a tiny sliver of cheddar cheese that wasn't melted. The burgers were way over cooked. One person ordered a medium well steak and it arrived rare.With the employees scrambling around in the kitchen and close to it, it seemed as though they were without a cook and underlings were trying to get things out anyway.If there was an actual phone number to complain to an owner I would, but it seems like they're not concerned with customer satisfaction, only making mines. Applebee's is across the street; I'll go there next time.
Celebrated my birthday at Ruby Tuesday's today on the separate dining room. It was fantastic. The food was terrific as always and even though there were 25 of us, everything was served in a timely manner.They let us bring a cake and provided desert plates. Ruby Tuesday's is my favorite restaurant in Tullahoma because it is the nicest, with a great salad bar, pleasant and serene atmosphere with a decent bar. Love it!
Family was visiting RT in Tullahoma and asked us if we wanted them to bring us something.  So this review is strictly on to-go-food.  Ordered Chicken Primavera Pasta with extra sauce and Chicken & Broccoli Pasta.Basically, neither order had any discernable sauce on them.  The chicken on the Chicken & Broccoli was overcooked. Both orders were not worth eating.  I made some lemon basil sauce which was supposed to be on one of the dished and put plenty of sauce on the pasta which made both orders pretty good.  Also the pasta served was not the proper type which affects the sauce pickup from the plate.  This order was not what we expect from Ruby Tuesday and we will likely not visit this RT when in Tullahoma.  Why spend money for food that has to be sent back to be fixed?
Wow, is all I can say about this dump of a restaurant with its uninspired employees.  I've never gone to the bar in a Ruby Tuesday where I've been so ignored by the staff!  After sitting at the bar for almost 10 minutes someone finally came to get my order.  After taking my order for a second beer the bartender disappeared and didn't return until I had finished my food order.  At which time she brought me the bill without asking if I wanted anything more.  I was going to order some wings to go, but since she essentially told me I was finished I paid my tab and left.  I'm a big believer in tipping wait staff well, usually well above 20%, but in this case I couldn't do it and left them a $1 tip.  I didn't want to but felt I had to, to properly convey what I thought about their service.
As a former international hospitality consultant, I view things a bit differently. In this case, I would give the staff 5 stars, because they made us feel pampered. The food 4.5 stars, because it was good but my taste buts collided with the smell of the floors. It smelled like in a nursing home (urine). The decor and colors in this restaurant is rather depressing and uninspired. The manager did his very best to make us feel comfortable. He was in control over the staff and the food came out quick. I had the salad bar (which was fresh and continuously refreshed. Then I had chicken with broccoli and pasta. The chicken was juicy and everything tasted great. Maybe a bit too much salt on the chicken. This could be Tullahoma's best restaurant if it wasn't for the old smelly carpeting and the lack of color. If it's updated, I'd give it 5 stars easily.
Wanted to place a pick up order .  Was told to wait . After 5 minutes I hung up .  Screw these people .  Since new ownership it's garbage
PSA:  Stay away from this location! The food was absolutely disgusting!  I'm genrally not one to write negative reviews, but this experience is in my top five worst ever. For lunch today, I had the 6 oz sirloin, with a double order of grilled zucchini.  The steak was cooked as ordered, and was OK (at best), but the zucchini tasted really bad.I also had the endless salad bar (which stopped at one bowl), the bell peppers were funky, as were the artichokes, and the spinach was wilted.  My coworkers had the mac and cheese and ribs, respectively, and neither finished. They say hunger is the best spice, and we were hungry!   Unfortunately, we were all disgusted.  The ribs were clearly not cooked at the same time, one half of the rack was way overcooked.  The Mac and Cheese went less than half eaten. I wish, in retrospect, that I had some photos to share, because it didn't even look good.
I've gotta give this place a five star rating. I went on my 32nd birthday.The food may take a while but good things come to those who wait. Here is the kind We got there and the Chef ,  Victor has beenthere for 13 years made me the Ultimate Colossal Burger from memory a to the fact it is no longer on the menu . This country  needs more people like Chef Victor.  William Rodenhauser
Picture spks for itself. Good day, food, & svc.The salad very clean. Pineapple drink on menu, must try
Food took a long time and my entree was barely warm. Table was dirty. Makes me wonder how clean the kitchen is.
I'm sorry the service was pretty poor, I ordered a bottle of water with a cup and the waitress put the bottle in the cup. Also my wife ordered double string beans, it looked like we got only one order of string beans. When asked about the string beans the waitress said she would bring out some more. Not only did the string beans didn't come, when asked about them after we finish our dinner she got a little snippy with us.  I will say the food was really good and I enjoyed the dinner. It's just a shame the entire experience wasn't as good as the food.
It's been I long time since I've been here. Everything is good and we got a good deal for our lunch. EXCEPT for our waiter, Marg or maybe Margarette? ( coz she introduced herself to the other table) She just went to our table without introducing herself. I thought she is just a receptionist or whatever. She didn't refill my water. I just chunk down my ice. It's not even busy that time. So disappointed
I was truly disappointed in the add on grilled salmon for my garden bar salad. I received a small portion of bits of dessicated and rubbery salmon. When I complained to the waitress she took it up with the manager who said that since it was cold it would be dry. If what I got was acceptable coming out of his kitchen I hate to think what else he allows to be served.The waitress did take the $5 off the bill or would have replaced it, but I did not have time for that. I have had other grilled salmon here before and enjoyed it. So sorry to have had a bad experience.
Wish I could give this review zero stars.Extremely disappointed.  Called Thursday night and made reservations for a party of 13 Saturday evening following a funeral.  Showed up Saturday night, the hostess had absolutely no idea what I was talking about and informed me they don't take reservations.  After waiting for them to find a space large enough for our group and move tables together, we sat down.  The waitress was horrendous.  For a group our size, we should have had our own designated waitress.  She brought out drinks, never brought straws.  Brought out biscuits, never brought appetizer plates; guess we were susposed to put our biscuits on the reusable table cloth?  Food took absolutely forever to come out, glasses were completely empty and the waitress never bothered to ask refills.  When the food finally did arrive, every hamburger was extremely undercooked.Waitress never came back to ask how the food was, refills, coffee, etc until she had the check in her hand.  Absolutely horrendous experience, extremely poor customer service after a already crappy day.  No wonder Ruby Tuesdays are closing up across the country.
This place is awesome! I'm not from around this area so I love to go somewhere and feel like I belong. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar and our bartender was Jacob, perfect customer service from this fine young man! The food tasted amazing as well! Perfect place to end a busy day around town!
Visited with a party of 8, our server Trish was awesome. Even with all of our special requests- everyone's order was exactly right, fresh and hot! She was very attentive, although she had other tables. The salad bar toppings were cold as were the plates- it was neat and clean. My chicken tenders and fries were wonderful. This was one of the best Ruby Tuesday's experiences I've had in a while.
Went tonight with my wife and was not disappointed. Our server Steve was attentive and helpful. Very proactive and friendly service. Food was fantastic and portioned well. Salad bar was fresh and tasty. I wish that we got this kind of service everywhere!
Actually, for a chain restaurant, it's overall not too bad.  We stopped in for lunch one afternoon after dealing with the nearby Walmart on Christmas Eve (I kid you not!).  The restaurant itself was a little cluttered - there were a lot of messy tables although virtually empty and the hostess was nowhere to be found.  Regardless, we were seated promptly by a server, Whitney, who took care of us.  She was so nice and although we each opted for the mini sliders with the salad bar, she kept the drinks coming and cleared plates as quickly as possible.There definitely is a draw to the salad bar and if you think about it, you can certainly make a fresh meal as healthy as you want.  That definitely was a plus and it was clean and well-stocked.To sum it up, the service was nice and efficient.  The food was good, but nothing spectacular and the area was inviting.  For a chain restaurant, it's not a bad option and the prices were completely reasonable.
I hate ruby Tuesday's. I could make better food at home. Guess I'm staying in from now on.
Hot food, good ribs! The salad bar is superb. Never overcrowded.
While not my absolute favorite place to eat in or near the Salisbury area, it's by far the restaurant I most frequent. The food is fantastic, and the prices are pretty much in line with all the other chains around town.Best of all, the staff seems to actually care that you decided to patronize their establishment. They are very friendly, and the service is always very good when I'm there. I wish they had a larger  salad bar, but other than that, this place ranks very high on my list of places to go to on a Friday night.
Salad station empty of lettuce (4 empty bowls that were supposed to be filled with different types of lettuce), and many other things.  We asked that it be restocked, and they slowly did so, with tiny amounts of refills.  It was empty again within 10 minutes.  Again, nobody restocked it.  My wife went to the ladies room and said it looked like no one had cleaned it in days.  Ruby Tuesday's used to be good, and I understand the issue with a lack of help, but there were two workers standing at the entrance greeting people.  Perhaps they could have been more attentive.  We won't be going back. Too bad.
This is the only Ruby Tuesday in the Rhode Island/Eastern Massachusetts area. Generally, we have been pleased with our past experiences at the Ruby Tuesdays we've dined at (including some that have closed.)This month, on a pleasant evening, we decided to make a special trip to this Wrentham location for dinner, arriving a little before 7:00. THEY WERE CLOSED! We had used the iPhone Maps app, which posts their closing time as 9:00. Then I checked Google, which also lists their closing time as 9:00. Then I checked Yelp, which has the closing time as 10:00!!Ruby Tuesday itself has posted on Yelp. They know about their listing there!Three major sites that people rely upon for hours of operation are all wrong! If only one was wrong, that would be bad enough, but ALL THREE are off by several hours! And CONTINUE to be!With gas at $5/gallon, we wasted money and time. And our evening plans were ruined.A word to the wise: DON'T GO TO THIS RUBY TUESDAY FOR DINNER. You can't rely upon their posted hours.If a zero-star rating was possible, that's what we would give this Ruby Tuesday experience.  By definition, food doesn't get worse than NO food, and service doesn't get worse than NO serviceHopefully, all the hours of operations will be corrected soon, so others won't have the same aggravating experience. Or better yet, Ruby Tuesday could stay open until at least 9:00.
Last Tuesday my girlfriend made a Reservation for the out side seating  for this Friday  and said we have small dog . The person on the phone said dog are allowed and we have  Reservations outside . Today we went there for 3:30 we were told they don't do Reservations and they don't allow dogs event out side  even though guy on phone said the allow  dogs and said Reservations are all set. THEY SHOULD train there  employees  on protocol and rules .  So don't wast your time there when there own Employees don't know the rules about town people certain information that is required.
We were a party of 11 and it was a friend bday. Our food came out at different times and my food by the time it came out everyone was done eating (and I ordered the same food as 2 people at my table). Other people who arrived after us got our food before us. The manager gave us a discount and apologized which was appreciated. Our waitress avoided us and didn't give us an explanation as to why the food was delayed. It felt like as soon as she knew we were getting irritated she stopped trying because she barely came to our table. As a result of her poor communication (the food late isn't her fault) it affected her tip. I've worked in food for 10+ years. You need to inform the customer and help them understand. Turns out a bunch of late orders came in as soon as we sat down - that's why the food was late. So the waitress definitely should have informed us. She was young so maybe it was her first time...? Idk but honestly we spend an hour and a half there and I'll never go again. Kudos to the manager for owning up to it and giving us compensation.
When I walked in, waiters were not ready and had to wait when the restaurant was empty. They were out pizza and queso. I walked up to the salad bar and almost all the plates from the "clean" pile were dirty. Food was ok. Not very good overall
I belong to their "So Connected" email club so from time to time I receive coupons via email for discounts and deals on the food here.Well this past weekend I received a coupon for buy one meal get one half off so my mother and I made the trip to the restaurant to put the coupon to use.We both got the hamburger meal and we both added the all-you-can-eat salad bar to our meals for a $5.99 upcharge. The salad bar is a meal in itself, always with lots of choices and fresh ingredients. I did notice this visit that the salad bar was missing both croutons and bacon bits, two of my favorite ingredients to a salad, so I was a bit disappointed but there were still plenty of other delicious ingredients to add to my salad so I was still pretty satisfied with the salad bar. On my last two visits I have noticed items missing from the salad bar but I am wondering if the reason may be that because the restaurant closes rather early on Sundays (we usually get there around 4 PM and they close down at 6 PM) they might not replenish things that run out on the salad bar around that time of the day. But of course that is just a theory. We both enjoyed our meals and the salad bar as an add-on really hit the spot.I noticed this time they have a new menu and they added some new items and took away others such as the hamburger sliders/salad bar combo which I used to order quite often (I hate to see that option go). A lot of the items featured on the new menu are the same as before but I did see a few changes.Anyway, I am glad I got to visit the restaurant this weekend and I really did enjoy my meal!
We went today for lunch! Our waitress was Myisha and she was terrible! First we waited forever then I think she heard us complain so she finally came over and that was the last time we saw her until we got our check! Someone else brought our food!  She brought my husband a plastic knife and fork to eat a steak. . And gave everyone around us real silverware.  She had the personality of a door knob! The steak should have been med rare but was well done!  Then my salad tasted like paper! The ranch had no flavor!  Needless to say... we won't be back! It was really bad!  A waste of $30
This restaurant is on its last legs.   Old oil in the fryer; food incorrectly made; servers and a manager who just don't care.   While there are limited food options at Wrentham Outlets, anything is better than this.
No with you to post it this time went to take a client to lunch for his birthday only to find out the restaurant had closed supposedly temporarily I normally don't always go there because of a past experiences but it's just too much. It would've been nice to see it posted online that they were closed and not just wait to you get to the door
I liked this place in the past ;but they havent been open for weeks. Might be out of buisness
It's a Ruby Tuesday's.  They do what they need to do, and they do it adequately.   The fact that it's at the Wrentham Outlets makes it a little bit more of a hairy experience:  you'll want to either eat early, or deal with the fact that you're fighting with oodles of tourists trying to get some lunch that want something a little more high-brow than Friendly's or the food court. I can't really add much more.  The chicken tenders are unique here in that they've got much more of a Southern feel (the mashed potatoes and the broccoli instead of french fries is a nice twist).  The salad bar is a salad bar.  It's a good choice if you're at Wrentham and need to grab some grub.  It will get crowded quickly though so look out for that.
This Ruby Tuesday is more like 2.5 stars.  Because it is at an outlet mall, there is always a longer than usual wait.  I think their food is good for a chain, service is always even.Waiter got my young nephew's mac and cheese out faster than the rest of the meals because he was so hungry.
Foods pretty average. I recently had an appetizer that was some kind of potato chips coated in cheese (don't recall the name) and while it was good the cheese was a bit overpowering. You really can't go wrong with the salad bar here and I'd reccomend it over any of the appetizers. My S/O swears by the crabcake sandwhich. I have yet to find anything that wows me enough to be my default dish.One complaint: Guys, please remove the beers that you don't stock from the menu. Put a sticker over them, cut them out, do something. Items should not be on the menu if they don't exist.One plus: There's not often a wait here and when there is, the line moves along pretty fast.
This location kinda really sucks. Sometimes i go with my friends when we get out of work. Its at the outlets where we work so its convenient, but the salad bar sucks there. and the  service is worse. The waiter/watrisess make you feel like your ruining there night by coming in. A few times we have had the same waitress who sits at the bar talking to the bartender instead of giving us the check. If you don't want us to be there than get up and give us the check so we can leave. I do like the food though so when its 10:00 and a bunch of friends get out of work its easy so its the only reason we keep going back.
another amazing visit with my family!!! jaden was exceptional & so was dru she was awesome too!!! we will keep coming back!!!
RT has the BEST salad bar anywhere! And I love the bourbon hickory salmon. Comes with sides of rice pilaf and grilled Zucchini. Delicious! We like to fill up on the salad bar and take our entree home for another meal. Good way to get more bang for the buck. And they put out buy one get one entree coupons. What a deal!
Friendly staff and short wait. The garden bar is always my favorite. I also like the appetizer sampler and the others with me loved their burgers they ordered.
Over priced and the food tasted less then ok. Was over $60 for 2 kids meals and 2 adult meals.  They didn't take the tails off my daughters shrimp before frying it. I ate half my burger and my husband ate maybe half of his salmon salad. Service was all over the place. Our waiter asked if we were ready for our bill before we even got our food.
When I walked in, I wasn't greeted but I was seated immediately. The decor looked like something straight out of the 70's. The service was nice, but not fairly attentive. I tried the salmon dish and felt my blood pressure rising with the first salty bite. The rib dish was okay, however. Now the service was lackluster at best. We had to keep flagging the server down and it took her almost 30 Minutes to acknowledge that our card had been on the table for us to pay. 2 tables came after us, ate, and paid before we were able to leave.
We don't have a Ruby Tuesday where I amFrom so I convinced my husband for us to go out to dinner. He had just gotten off work and re arrive around 5-5:15 we got sat at a table and right away no one came to us for about 10 minutes. I am a server so I went up to the host stand and waited for the host to get back, while I was waiting 3 other servers just stared at me. When the host came back I told him we haven't seen anyone and he just looked confused so I just said thank you and walked back to our table. We finally ended up getting a waitress but my husband ordered a beer in a bottle and I had to ask another server after 20 minutes for it. We saw our server 2 times. 1 to take our order and one to hover over us with the check. I didn't want to tip much because it was awful and I wanted to speak to the manager but the server handed my husband the ticket then stood there and put him under pressure. I am not by any means trying to tell anyone how to do their job and we didn't act rude but it was the worst service I have ever had by far. The other server in the section next to us was delightful.
Ate here today (6-25-21). My "Top Shelf" margarita, which cost $10, was very watered down. My cheeseburger, which took a long time to arrive, was lukewarm.
Be forewarned! This is NOT the place to go for good food.We (my wife and I) ate here today and was EXTREMELY disappointed.  Here are the following FAILED grades:1) Wait staff not consistently wearing masks.  I had to ask our waitress to pull hers up when she came to our table2) I ordered their 6 oz Sirloin Medium Rare.  It was served cooked well done...actually waaaay overdone.  It was inedible, like a hockey puck.  I did not eat it3) I ordered a baked potato with butter only...it was served with sour cream only. I do not like sour cream on my potato. I did not eat it4) We had to ask for salt 5) The spinach artichoke dip was watery and tasteless.6) My wife's broccoli was very salty.  She did not eat it.I told our waitress about the overdone steak and the potato and she asked what I wanted to do about it.  I told her at least take my plate off the bill, which they did.  Then I asked to see the manager and was told he was very busy helping in the kitchen as they were short staffed today.  I think that is the answer to my poor serving.  Also, since no one was actively supervising the staff, they felt free to wander around without their masks on.This was the worst experience I have had in a restaurant in years.  It is doubtful that I will eat there again unless all I want is their salad bar, which was very tasty.  Therefore, all I had for dinner was a salad and some corn.Good luck if you eat here.  Be prepared to not get anything like you expected.  I didn't bother asking for a new plate because of the nearly half hour wait to begin with.
Ribeye steak was extremely tough and had so much oil it just streams down your throat like drinking Wesson oil. Traded it back for loaded chicken nachos which the manager brought herself and apparently she took offense to how horrible I said the steak was because there was barely anything on the $10.99 nachos so I cut my losses and had chips for $11 +. Friend had ribs, shrimp, fries, chicken tenders and zucchini. Ribs were not good, shrimp wasn't really shrimp it's the cheap knockoff. 5 little zucchini slices. Fries and chicken tenders are good and the tea is really great. If the manager had cared we would have been back. People don't care about customers who keep the company in business which keeps them employed. We won't be back.
The Crispy Chicken Sandwich has delicious chicken breast but the pimento topping was too salty. A lot. Delicious Garden Bar; quite nice romaine, spinach, and salad mix, large selection of trendy toppings. Very friendly server.
Very solid place!  I like eating at Ruby Tuesday anywhere in the US, and this location does a great job of taking care of the people who eat there. The menu is executed very well and the servers do not get in the way of making people happy.Just the bartenders need a little more improvement as drinks are often too watery, but that is the only criticism that I can give this place. Fix that and you have an awesome place to serve!
While the food here can be found at almost any steak house, I go here mainly for the salad bar.  I am not a fan of salads, but I always enjoy the selections on the salad bar at Ruby Tuesdays!
I guess I have to choose one star.  Nothing lower.  The takeout pictures really speak for themselves.  Paid over $100.
Monday at 4:pm . Food took 40 minutes, only one other couple sitting in the restaurant and they had already gotten food when we ordered. We ordered 3 kids burgers with fry's and a grilled chicken sandwich (soggy bun) with tater tots. Should'nt take 40 min. I got the salad bar, I got the last "clean plate" no good lettuce, The other type of lettuce was brown, the waitress was sweet and friendly. It was so slow the staff were all sitting around the bar chatting, music was sooo loud I couldn't hear anyone talking around the table, she kindly turned it down after I asked, worst music selection ever, then it was turned back up 5 min later. We will not be coming back. Oh and the bathroom was disgusting!
We were in Cadillac on Thursday and wanted to have a nice sit down lunch.  We did get to sit down.  We sat for over 15 min. before the waitress decided to come to our table. There were not many people but some of them we watched her visit 3 times before coming to take our drink order.  Order was not right and beware of ordering the mushrooms on your steak,  they use it to hide the steak with more fat and gristle than meat.  As we had been on the road several hours and were very hungry we ate what we could even though most of it was cold.  We had to flag waitress down to get check so we could leave.  I really wish the waitress would have taken the hair scrunchie off her wrist and tied up her long hair.
We were driving back from Traverse City and wanted to sit down to eat. As we walked in, there we tons of signs promising scan codes of menus and there was a table just to recruit new workers. We were immediately seated with regular plastic menus and as we looked around, there was no one else dining in the restaurant. That should have been the first clue. My husband ordered a Shiner Bock, but the waitress said they didn't have it, it wasn't on tap and had no clue what it was, although it was listed right there on the menu. The plastic menus were ripped an old... how would she not know? He finally settled on one of the five beers she did know: Sam Adams Summer Ale.So, we ordered from an extremely pared down menu and she brought out my husband's beer. He took his first sip and it was flat and warm. There was barely any head on it and no moisture on the outside of the glass. After going over their blah menu, dealing with their snippy and unknowledgeable waitress, then receiving a warm beer that was flat, we just left. If they couldn't keep their beer at temperature, would they be able to cook their food to temperature to ensure safety? We didn't want to chance it. Won't be back.
Hesitated stopping here on a recent Sunday visit to Cadillac. Very few cars in the lot, was expecting quick and quiet meal.  After standing at the front door for a few minutes, the hostess asked us to wait a minute to clean off a table.  There were very few patrons in the restaurant, not sure why another table wasn't ready and  available.  After she walked away, she returned a few minutes later and said it would be 10-15 minutes before a table would be ready.  A quick scan of the entire restaurant showed 5 tables in use, far far below any covid restrictions.  When I asked why we couldn't sit at one of the other available tables she said that wasn't possible.  I politely said I was not waiting and she said 'OK'.  Several of their restaurants have closed, its certainly not an easy business.  Unfortunately one more example of the wrong person at the front door.
With the buy one get one special coupon in hand, I decided to give them another go.  Due to the rona, I used curbside pickup.  The curbside system when using a coupon could use some tweaking, such as being able to use the coupon with online ordering instead of requiring the order to be phoned in, and some way to make payment without personal contact.  Food wise, not much has changed.  Ordered steaks/baked potato/salad.  The steaks, while cooked as ordered, were completely without flavor.  No flavor.  No seasoning.  Zero flavor.  How do you kill the flavor of a steak?  Even when effectively half price, I still felt somewhat cheated.  Maybe burgers are their thing, but it's not steaks.
First time at this ruby Tuesday. All the staff were very friendly and the restaurant appeared to be clean. It wasn't too busy for it being a Saturday night. I observed the salad bar and it was pretty sad. A lot of stuff was pretty low and it didn't look like any of the staff were concerned about it. I ordered the grilled chicken salad and my guest had the 8 oz sirloin. Our waiter was at attentive and overly friendly. However after receiving our food the drink refills went down. I waited over 10 minutes before I got my water refilled. Nothing special about the food. The grilled chicken salad was $12 and to be honest Zaxby's has a bigger and more ingredients in their salads and it's $8. My guest said the steak was very chewy and was bland. Not impressed with this restaurant and won't be back. Looking for a great salad, go to Zaxby's up the street.
You would think a national brand Ruby Tuesday would be concerned about food and customer service, guess not.  Went for lunch ordered the special cheeseburger, restaurant maybe 50 % full, 37 minutes later the cheeseburger finally showed up.  Thought this was a rather long wait so went back 2 weeks later with some friends and ordered the special, cheeseburger with extra tots.  35 minutes later and we finally started getting our food.  I will say RT makes a very good burger BUT 35 minutes is far to long.  Mentioned the long wait to the manager and all we got was shrugged shoulders.  Went today for the salad bar special (no wait for a salad bar) another person order mac and cheese and a bowl of broccoli and 30 minutes went buy before her food came, RT was maybe 40% full.  Would have mentioned or should say compline to the manager but he was too busy socializing.  Since this is one of the few places in Lenoir to eat lunch other than McDonalds it's sad.  But I'll take my money elsewhere.  My best advice unless you have a good hour or more eat anywhere else but here.
Got a to go order. Ordered 2 burgers and fries. Not sure how you mess up something so simple. We get there and 4 of the servers are sitting in a booth chilling out. Phone is ringing (Now I know why it took a few rings to answer), took a couple of minutes to get acknowledged by the bartender (who is the only one who looks like she's actually working) and she takes payment. Not let me make sure your food is ready. I'd ask for the manager, but she came out of the kitchen. Didn't seem very concerned. Phone is ringing again and one of the servers very audibly says "I don't get paid enough to answer that." And she doesn't. Finally a different one gets up and answers it. The food we got was cold. Old fries. Incorrect toppings on the burgers. This is the second time I've been here, probably won't be back for a third.
I had the salad bar and it was really good. Everything was fresh and they continuously kept it supplied with fresh fruits and vegetables. The staff was very nice and friendly. This will be a place that I visit more frequently. Today's visit was my first in Lenoir. I usually go to the one in Concord.
After Church today my mother, my daughter, and I had lunch at Ruby Tuesday.  When our food was served my mother's baked potato was not completely done.  My daughter and I started to eat.  My mother started to eat but only had the steak to start with. When the waitress finally came by explained about the baked potato and asked for fries instead. After a long time, the waitress came back and said she had to take the baked potato back. Finally, after my daughter and I had finished eating, my mother's fries came.  She had eaten her steak by itself.  No one from management came to express apologies.  I asked the waitress to not charge my mom for her meal since part of it arrived after we were finished.  Then finally management came to our table.  I could tell by how her face looked, by what she said and how she said it, that she was irritated.  She said that the only thing she would do is not charge the 3 drinks.  When the bill came we discovered we had been charged almost $7 for the one dessert that was part of the 2 for $24. The waitress said she would take care of it so we handed her our debit card.  When she came back she said that we needed to give it a few days to post the refund!!  Why would they have charged both bills at once?  We didn't even get the receipt for the correct bill.  So frustrated that this restaurant can overcharge and take advantage of someone like my mother, who is in her 70's and wouldn't have looked at the bill because she trusts that no one would ever be overcharge and cheat!!  Bad customer service with poor management skills!!
Recently ate at Ruby Tuesday with my husband and we were really disappointed. The restaurant is really nice inside, and the staff is very friendly, not a single problem there at all. The salad bar used to be my favorite thing, but it seems like it is more expensive and not quite as good as it used to be. Oh well...This is where I got bummed out with the restaurant: I have a serious illness that restricts some of the foods I can eat. I simply wanted to exchange one side ( a baked potato) for cauliflower...no can do without a charge! Wow...over two bucks. Not the waitress' fault at all. Never got to try more than the salad bar because we couldn't get over the charge for the veggie swap.
Like any, it's safe. The bar area is (compared to other cities) unusually free even during the dinner rush, but the bartenders seem to assume you are there just to drink. Three visits in, I have yet to be offered a menu without asking for it, even after ordering a drink, waiting, receiving the drink and waiting some more.
I loved Ruby Tuesday when I lived in Atlanta but the wait staff ruined this one for me. The first time I went my husband and I were seated and the place was packed. We understood that they were busy so it would take awhile, but 45 minutes later we had yet to get a drink or even a menu yet people around us ate, left, and were replaced. We ended up walking out. At the door the hostess asked if we enjoyed our meal and we said "what meal?" and stated what happened and she said "Oh well'A few months later I decided to try again. I went in right after the lunch rush and there were a few tables with business people doing various lunch meetings but not that busy. This time I got the menu and drink but little attention after that and no refills. She was to busy kissing up to the business people and ignored me at the next table so I ignored her tip and left her a dime. To bad because I'm a good tipper.
Odd rules about happy hour prices only at the bar.  Why? Well apparently it's  to bring the bar more business as if it's a different company? So I opted for no cocktail at all. No water brought to table until I asked. Stale smell from mildewed cleaning towels and table sticky. Food: I ordered the alpine burger. Meat was bland and dry, the fries we overcooked. Disappointing.
Fast and curtious service, consistently good food and an excellent drink menu make this one of my favorite chains in Boone. Try the "Typhoon Shrimp" or the Bison Burger next visit.
I've eaten at Ruby Tuesday restaurants that I did not care for at all.  This one is consistently good although I order the same thing every time.
We have recently started visiting Ruby Tuesdays near Health Park in Ft. Myers. They have been offering great specials and you can't beat the prices.  We normally have a drink or 2 and then order food to go.  We have had excellent service in the bar area.  Nate, the bartender, has been our server and we have always had great service with him.  The food is always consistent and tastes fantastic, The specials are priced lower than any restaurants I have been to.  They have a great endless salad bar which is also reasonably priced.  You can add it to your meal for a nominal fee. Check the specials before you go! If you sit at the bar, I would recommend having Nate as your server!  We will be back.
Came in for my birthday burger. I was hesitant based on my last two visits which were total disappointments.  The wait staff was courteous and took my order right away.  The burger was cooked perfect and the tots were crispy.  I took this order to go, as I live close by. I might have given another star except they forgot to put the tomato I asked for on the burger.  Otherwise a decent experience.
This is the second time I've been cheated by Ruby Tuesday.  The first time I ordered delivery and received all the confirming numbers.  The order was 30 mins late and so I called.  They had just received the order which was placed and confirmed more than an hour earlier.  We're sorry there was a mix up and uber canceled the pick up because it wasn't ready.  I had to go pick up my order which was cold and I'd already tipped the driver.  Just now I received my order which was missing half the items.  Ordered Salmon salad.  Received a piece of salmon with no salad.  Ordered a ruby relaxer..no relaxer.  Ordered cole slaw...no cole slaw.  Called.  I have been on hold now for 15 minutes while they check on it.  I will NEVER use delivery nor patronize Ruby's again.  Still on hold!
Been a few years since I had been to a RT.  Salad bar still as great as I remember, and the one at this location was kept well stocked and attractive.  Our server Shawn was top notch.  Great place.
Absolutely delightful lunch there!  Spotless over all areas!  Staff prepped (masked, poor folks!) and friendly, excellent service from Michele.  Salad bar was top shelf!  Had a seat in view of it and it was entertaining to watch others 'build' their salad towers!Got a coupon from corporate for BOGO so it was delightfully inexpensive, but we DID tip on what the total would have been....don't you??  (wait tables for awhile, you will understand)We WILL be back!
Always nice to sit at the high tops near the bar.  Attendees always friendly and talkative. Nice place to eat and drink. We come all the way from Babcock Ranch to eat there once in a while.
I would have given it 5 stars. The service is good. The servers are efficient. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. BUT the wifi is not secure and my antivirus program will not allow me to log on.
Apparently the only way to get served is I'd you're a regular bar fly.  3 people at the bar and one table.  The bartender Christian refilled everyone else's drinks.. texted. Ate and still 15 minutes later not asked if i wanted to order.  While I understand regulars have an established relationship with the staff... it's probably not the best to ignore local customers...that being said i will not return to this location and will recommend just about any where else at this point...i have consistently received poor service here and complaints fall on deaf ears
Super Bowl Sunday. The place was dead at 6:40pm. Drinks were okay. The food was horrible. I was with 2 other friends. The shrimp fondue tasted spoiled, the chips with the fondue were stale, they brought out crackers, but the taste of the shrimp fondue just wasn't right. They took that off our bill. Which was nice. My friends mashed potatoes tasted spoiled as well. It was not a good meal. The service was slow, the food was off. Check your expiration dates and temps in your fridge and coolers.
It seemed to me to be pretty odd that my hubby and I were the only guests at the we arrived.  My day had just flown by no wonder...it was 8:30pm.  My goodness no wonder and with the 4th of July holiday many people were with their families.  Ruby Tuesday was very clean and inviting.  Nathaniel was our server very prompt and friendly.   My hubby and I both ordered a grilled chicken quesadilla and sweet tea.   It was so good!  All of the staff were friendly and welcoming.
Excellent small plates on the luncheon menu.  Blackened chicken, sweet steamed brocc, mashed potatoes:  $10.  Best veggie burger this side of the Imperial River.  Lots of business people on the run, swinging in and out of these doors.  Had to join them, hurry up and eat, then head south."Goooooodbye, Ruby Tuesday.Who could hang a name on you? When you change with every new day,Still Im gonna miss you..."
Food selection was good; ribs peeled off the bones, baked mac n cheese was cheesy, sweet potato fries awesome, four way samplers great options, mango tea delicious. Kid friendly & nice staff.
Excellent salad bar, includes items that are fresh and frequently replenished.  Goes beyond the usual boring iceberg and ceasar with surprises like edamame, sunflower seeds, mushrooms and other exceptional choices.  Kudos for offering lots of fresh veggie sides, so you're not stuck with the same old fries, baked or mashed like other chains. They seem to be making a conscious effort to offer healthier food and it is much appreciated.  The weekends-only steak and lobster combo was somewhat on the small side, but quite tasty, and the salad bar more than makes up for it.  The staff couldn't have been nicer, frequently checking if everything was ok and the host at the entry even holding the door for me on the way out.  A cut above the usual chains, it earns a spot among the best.
I really cannot say anything bad about this place.  Was staying in a hotel in the area and although I normally try to go with smaller local places rather than chains, I have always wanted to try Ruby Tuesdays.  Wow, the salad bar is exceptional, so fresh and so many choices.  Had a ribeye steak and it was so tasty, vegetable were perfectly cooked and the macaroni and cheese is to die for, so creamy and cheesy.  The garlic cheese biscuits are delicious.  Ao good we went back later in the week we were staying there.  Worth the trip.
I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, but have always been drawn to Ruby Tuesdays for their fresh garden bar.  I decided to write a review on this specific location b/c they really stood out for the quality of food, service, and cleanliness.We've been here several times, and get the garden bar with some healthy protein/steamed veggies on the side.  Food is always fresh, garden bar is always full and tidy, and the wait staff is always friendly.  And we certainly don't complain when the bill comes.I can't speak for much of the menu b/c we wouldn't eat a lot of it because of the meal plans we're on.  However, I've found a lot of other restaurants around here to be bad chains with less than quality service and food, or Mom and Pops that overcharge and don't give you the quality food for the prices.  Here at this Ruby Tuesdays, people always look happy, the food is good, and for a chain it's a great affordable place to go to in the Ft. Myers area.
We were on vacation in Ft. Myers . I would have given 5 stars but....the hostess ( Jessie ) was rude. When we entered she went to seat us at a table, I asked her if a booth was available .. Her reply "NO THEY ARE DIRTY" I asked her if she would be able to clean one .....Her Reply " WELL YOU WILL HAVE TO WAIT" I told her I wouldn't mind waiting. I got a dirty look. It took less then two minutes to wipe down the booth. Dinner was wonderful, waitress friendly. I just could not believe that they would have such a rude person as a hostess ...... Come on now that was a very bad first impression.  When I got back home to Albany, NY I called the manager.
I was pleasantly surprised! I had passed up this restaurant many times due to the fact that it is a chain. A friend of mine wanted to go there for a birthday lunch. Glad I agreed. My lobster mac was rich & full of lobster meat. My dining companion had the salmon which was moist and covered with a glaze that complimented the fish. Service was friendly and attentive. They offer patio dining in a small area. I look forward to a return visit.
For a corporate chain, this is really a rather nice place with a varied menu. We had the Buffalo Shrimp Quesadilla and Chicken Piccata, substituting creamy cauliflower (delicious!) for the broccoli. With the salad bar add-on, there was more than enough to eat and we took home enough for another meal. The food was good and the service was excellent. We just may return!
Ruby Tuesday's has a nice menu with some interesting choices. We started going there because they have a creamy mashed cauliflower side dish that we could eat instead of potatoes-- good if you are on a plan that avoids carbs.The ribs I had once were very good, and the burgers are great! We will definitely go back again.However, I should mention that my wife found a fly in her fries on one occasion. She's pretty sensitive to that kind of thing, so we couldn't go to Ruby Tuesday's for 2-3 years after that. Hasn't happened since!
The service was great.  My issue is that Ruby Tuesdays changed their menu removing what used to be called a customer favorite and they replaced most menu items making them resemble Applebees and TGIF.  Why take away a fan favorite?  When asked if they could make it I was told that although the chef agreed and loved the dish too he didn't have the ingredients to make it for me.  It was Fresco chicken and it was amazing.  Please bring it back and I will continue to be the loyal customer ive been for 15 years.
My mom and I were hungry and decided to try Ruby Tuesdays in big rapids, we were seated immediately, the young lady took our order and when she brought us our sprite both cups had black dirty stuff floating in and on the cup, the cup had a waxy feeling, we explained it to her and she brought us another cup that was dirty as well, we complained about the cup three times and just decided to not drink out of it, when she brought us our food my fries were undercooked and salty, my chicken sandwich had this crusted sauce on it that looked like curdled milk, it was blend and had no flavor whats so ever, my mom ordered a carbonara pasta and it was soupy, if I wanted to eat trash I would've ate my trash can at home for free. NEVER AGAIN....
Again, I tried the Cheese Burger today sad to say it was burned on one side and dried out to the point it was uneatable, I ordered it medium....way overcooked. I understand that all places are having trouble getting help but this is beyond the point, need to train the cooks before you lose your good customers. The really sad thing is I went in to use the restroom and it was filthy (disgustingly dirty) looed like it has not been cleaned in a week or more.
I have to say, my recent visit here was top notch!  They were crazy busy (Mothers day). We stopped here while traveling. We sat at the bar (with no wait). Our bartenders were great. Not only did our drink and food come out much faster than expected. Our bartenders maintained great attitudes and were very entertaining. Anyone could see they were struggling with being short staffed and busy. Thanks for a great visit for a few hungry travelers!  I would stop again.
I sat at the bar and had my meal. The ribs were hot as were the fries. Beer choices were good too. Some local brews on tap as usual. Overall I enjoyed eating here. I did note the bar surface to be a little sticky, but I put that down to zealous staff cleaning everywhere.
Folks at this store went out of their way to do the right thing...I have a cottage near Traverse City MI and stopped by the Big Rapids location as I needed to use the Supercharger that was a 2 minute walk away.  My wife and I had their salad bar and it really hit the spot. 4 types of lettuce and everything was fresh and tasty.  For the 2nd time in like 20 years I left my credit card behind.  I live outside Chicago so I called and asked them to mail back to me.  They took the time to mail me my card right away.  Bottom line, solid meal and the team did the right thing, which saved me hours and tons of hassles as the card I left is tied to like 30 accounts.
Stopped in for a late lunch mid-week, so there was almost no other diners. The best part of our meal was Nate! He was friendly, attentive, and efficient. I ordered the Salad Bar. The variety was good and everything was fresh and clean. I was disappointed with the potato salad. They use leftover baked potatoes and don't bother peeling off the old, dried-up potato skins, resulting in leathery, chewy pieces of skin in your mouth. Not pleasant! My husband ordered a French Dip and Onion Rings. The meat was tender but kind of bland. It needed some seasoning in his opinion. Nate handled our complaints well and did what he could to help. We'll be back - just for him - he made dining a pleasure!
This was my first time at a Ruby Tuesday. Our waitress was great but the service was extremely slow. We sat down and ordered then waited around 30 minutes to get our appetizers. By then we had 5 minutes to eat our appetizers before our meals came out, Almost all of our vegetables were undercooked, but the steak was still delicious. We waited a little longer before getting our dessert but when it came out, the ice cream on the apple crumble was almost entirely melted. On the other hand, the chocolate cake was amazing. Overall, the trip took us close to an hour and a half before we were back on the road. Not sure if I would consider coming back though.
Stopped here during a road trip and and was pleasantly surprised. The food was tasty and fresh, and even the kids did was made fresh and not the usual frozen chicken strips.The food options were what you would expect from a casual restaurant chain, but it was all well executed.If I'm up that way again, I will stop here again
I stopped in here with the family while visiting Big Rapids. We were seated quickly. Our server, Jeff, did an excellent job. I was impressed to get such good service at a place like Ruby Tuesday and on a Saturday evening, no less. I had the salad bar. You can't go wrong with all the fresh salad fixings. My kids both got cheeseburger kids meals and they liked them. The food was good and service was great.
I have upgraded the rating. Our last couple of visits have been good. The hand rubes ribs was excellent. The service has been wick. The waitress today was friendly.
Wow, our meals were great, and priced right!  I had one of their signature items, a turkey burger with avocado, bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise. Fantastic! It came with your choice of sides, I had onion rings which were excellent.  And, it was only $8.95.My wife had their soup and salad bar. She really appreciates that there's still great all-you-can-eat salad bar available. Most restaurants have long abandoned salad bars. Everything was fresh and delicious.  The chicken noodle soup was full of chunky pieces of chicken.The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent.  We will return to a Ruby Tuesday restaurant anytime we get a chance. We live in Hawaii and there's none on our island, I wish there were.
Its nothing fancy but I love the lunch salad bar for $7.99We walk in, order salad bar, get a drink, eat at our leisure, get our bill and out the door in 30 mins.  Whats not to love??The service seemed just ok, however we really didnt require much because we served ourselves.Overall, I would definitely go back for the salad bar :)  OPERATION HOT BODY continues.
Not much choice on the way to Northern Michigan, so we stopped here for a quick bite. Everything was very cheesy and microwaved to super hot. Service was quick and friendly and that might be the only positive thing about them.
This was my second experience at a Ruby Tuesday's and unfortunately i was not impressed. The service was good, the decor was good, the drinks were great, but the food was pretty bad. My skewered shrimp was WAY undercooked, and my friend eating with me ordered a quesadilla with salsa on the side, and found a penne pasta piece in the bottom of the salsa dish. That kind of ruined the meal for the both of us.  I don't plan on returning to this chain anytime soon.
To be honest, I expected the worst. RT has been around so long with such a low profile. I was happily surprised on all counts. The drinks were great. Decor was current and  the service was friendly and attentive. We ordered burgers, reasonably priced and apportioned, and they were well made and well presented. When comparing with its contenders: Applebee's, Chili's and the late Bennigans, it wins out!
They are Permanently Closed.Phone number was: (610) 264-7787Hours: Monday - Sunday  CLOSEDaddress: 250 Lehigh Valley Mallor 101 Lehigh Valley Mall
Service was good but it wasn't crowded when we went. The salad bar was not stocked well and most of the bowls were empty. Didn't even have much lettuce left. I ordered sirloin and fried shrimp with baked potato. The steak was not very good, pan seared and greasy. The shrimp were worse, dried out and tasted like the breaded frozen ones from freezer section at grocery store. Too expensive for this quality food. $75 for family of 4. Should have went to Waffle House across the street.
Okay, it's a Ruby Tuesday's so you sort of know what you're getting. I wasn't expecting haute cuisine.  A couple of positives that are new since the last time we've eaten here are pushing me to round up from three and a half (which is what I'd like to give) to four stars. There are a lot more healthy choices for sides (I had the zucchini which was good) and the kids meals can come with something other than fries. Also the carrot cake cupcake was pretty good.
Giving 4 stars in comparison to most neighborhood chains. Clean, new, good service and tasty food. Salad bar was good, burger was 8.95 of 10 (according to my 16 year old son), and my wife's chicken was juicy.  My sirloin was quite good, as were the grilled zucchini and asparagus.  As this is on the shortcut fromhome to the beaches, we will be back.
This past wednesday was my second time eating at this particular place. The first time I had ordered brockley with cheese and the waiter forgot the cheese so he went to the salad bar and got some cheese from there for me to put on my brockley. I did have a good personal laugh thinking the waiter was just out of school or something.     Last week when I went it was even more unbelievable. We had to ask if we were going to get the appetizer before the dinner. We had ordered a sampler plate for the appetizer. When it finally got here they dropped 3 of the hot wings on the floor. About 2 minutes later came our entree. IMHO it just keeps getting worse.     This is NOT a place to impress your out of town family! I have to rate it a 1 for it's close location and the building atmosphere. It is a strain to get another star from anywhere.
Very slow seating people and the waiter seemed more interested in his phone then his customers. Food very lackluster. If you have no tastebuds this place is for you.
Bland, bland, bland.We ordered the special of cheesesteak hoagie with french fries and/or tater tots.The subs were tasteless and a scant amount of meat. Not worth the promotional amount of money $7.99 + $2 for mediocre 8 fried shrimp-totally pre-packaged. Really poor.The service was good, have to say. The food quantity and quality, pass it up.
Not only did they forget an entire meal, for our child which was the entire reason we ordered from them, but did not include any condiments and sent incorrect beverages. Don't Uber Eats if you expect any amount of competence.
Three of the four front doors were locked when we got here; even though it was only around 2 pm on a Saturday. For some reason the hours posted on the door don't include closing times, either. There's just a blank space and then "PM". My husband and I ordered appetizers and were not very impressed by the foods' appearance. We ordered the sampler which said it came with chicken wings on the menu, and instead, came with chicken tenders. The marinara sauce for the mozzarella sticks was no good, and the artichoke dip was too thick. We also ordered the loaded cheese fries and the bacon bits were way too big for how dry they were. The fry-to-topping ratio was way out of proportion with a very small amount of melted shredded cheese, a large amount of bacon bits (seemingly meant for salad) and a minuscule amount of sour cream. The establishment is disgusting, with something sticky and brown covering the walls of the booths. The table was not clean when we were sat there, nor was it well-organized. The service was okay. The floor and tables dirty, and for some reason there were leaves everywhere. This was my first time going to a Ruby Tuesdays, and I don't think I'll go back.
Floor even on carpet is sticky.  Staff less than impressive.  Staff forgot one order completely.  Frying oil very old.  All food was over cooked.  Bathrooms not clean.  Went at a non busy time too
Went to Ruby Tuesday on 2/22/2022 . I ordered Shrimp Scampi and my companion ordered ribs. Our server was Monica. She was very attentive and helpful.. If you go to  950 International Drive. Ask for her you won't be sorry.
I was very disappointed in the Customer Service and Communication here! We called and ordered our food for carryout 30 minutes before we got to the restaurant. When we got there, we walked to the bar area.  The bartender tells us to go around the corner for pickup orders ....we get to the pickup window and no one is there....we wait 5 min and a young lady comes out the kitchen and asks for our order name....then she walks away and never talks to us again.  She and the bartender walks back and forth serving customers while we are just standing there looking at others being served. This is now approx. 50 min since we called the order in.....someone could have at least came to say our order is coming up, they forgot to make it, sorry for the inconvenience, or anything but instead we were just ignored by the numerous employees goin in and out of the kitchen. We eventually had to walk out and get food elsewhere. Such a shame because my frustration could have been tamed by a simple acknowledgement. Will not be going back.
Best Salad Bar Ever. Good Decent menu with appetizers, main entrees, deserts.
It's Ruby Tuesday....but the service is great here, had a beer, ordered takeout, bartender was friendly!
Just ordered a Cobb salad from this place and I have to say it's by far the worse food I've ever had in my culinary life. Canned spoiled corn, canned diced tomatoes and bagged microwave bacon with a couple pieces of cardboard grilled chicken. I wasn't expecting much because let's be real it's Ruby Tuesday's but this is beyond what's considered or passes for food. I'm probably going to throw up tonight after a couple bites of this and hopefully a club soda can settle my stomach! Good luck to you if you venture here. Staff seemed nice so maybe just stick to the bar!! Don't think they can ruin a bottled beer but hey stranger things have happened
Really great food at a really decent price. A great salad bar. Terrific burgers, ribs, chicken and seafood. I've paid much more at other establishments and the quality of the food was not even close.  Ask for Katherine ... great at her job and has a terrific personality.
I've been curious about Ruby Tuesdays since Don't-Care-As-Long-As-It's-Food let drop a tiny pearl of info regarding one of the many volleyball trips we financed... she ate there and Erica broke her toe outside.At this less perilous outpost, Hostage Gastronome and I loved the potency of the Margarita and the freshness of the salad bar (HG Jr. loved the stolen bacon bits).  The boys also enjoyed their prime cheddar burger and Ruby minis, but I didn't feel strongly one way or the other about the crab minis aside from being delighted that I was eating crabcakes in Maryland at the last possible moment!  Yes, you foodies, crabcakes at Ruby Tuesday still counts... I'm sure they were a specialty of that area only!If only there was one in San Diego to fill the gap between Souplanation and Claim Jumper.
I have been here many  times and I think the salad bar is pretty amazing compared to most of them out there these days. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the turkey burgers! They are soo good. The sauce that they put on it is just to die for...sadly they dont put quite enough on it. I have never had bad service and for a chain restaurant I think the prices are decent. They must know they have a good salad bar though b/c it's way over priced. I have one complaint and it's on the desserts. They have a good selection and I have had two. One was the brownie which was hard on bottom and stale and the other was a crape dessert that was aweful!
I am evaluating this restaurant mainly on service.  The food is decent/fresh, and the usual chain restaurant menu; nothing special.  The hostesses are a bunch of teenagers who have no clue how to be professionals.  I went there twice, mainly because it was convenience, and both the times I got the most pitiful service.  I don't think Ruby Tuesdays has a training program for any of these idiots they hire.  I think I'm gonna drive a bit further for my next meal.
This RT is right across from where I'm currently slinging Powerpoint and Visio, so I tend to eat here a couple of times a month.  I hadn't been to a Ruby Tuesday in a long, long time before this, so I was just sort of expecting ho-hum chain food.I have to say I have been very impressed by their burgers.  I've pretty much gone through the whole burger universe they offer, from sliders to the avocado turkey burger (top notch) to the Smokehouse Barbecue Bacon Burger (artery alert!).  They know how to cook them, serve them quickly, and basically don't fart around in doing so.  The only burger-related complaint I have is the fries.  They are very stingy on the fries (which are otherwise quite good).Oh yes, and a secret in plain sight here -- the fruit iced teas and lemonades are *expletive* awesome.  Especially the lemonade.  It's not Minute Maid -- it really tastes fresh squeezed and is very tart.  The fruit is not puree or syrup -- they mash a bunch of blackberries or strawberries right in there.  Try the strawberry lemonade or blackberry iced tea, and you won't be sorry.  Free refills too!The staff has always been top notch too, so four stars for RT!
Staying at a nearby hotel, they had a menu laying around in room for Ruby T.  I ordered some pot stickers and wings for takeout.  I got there too early but found a special takeout door.  The handsome young man (cougar alert) was real nice and offered to bring the food to my room,errrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  CAR when it was ready.  That was a nice added touch.  Back at the room, we, errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...I enjoyed the takeout and found the pot stickers to be very tasty with a great dipping sauce.  I haven't seen a RT on this coast but would go again in a heartbeat.RT kid, if you are reading this *wink wink*  call me!  (it's just a pretend fantasy people! calm yourself.)
One of the new style Ruby's. It was fine.  Server lacked any personality, but the food was adequate.  We chose it because you could walk from our hotel.  I'm usually a fan of Ruby's, especially their burgers, and I would go back to this one, but I just didn't get a good vibe.
Maybe this is because I usually hate restaurant chains-- but this place was pretty horrible.I have definitely eaten at a Ruby Tuesday's before-- in fact, I have eaten at several. So I went in expecting the standard cheap all American meal to tide me over until my next course in the day.As a vegetarian would expect at an American-food restaurant, there are little to no options without meat. This was unfortunate but expected, so I just ordered their salad bar. I mean, how bad could it be if I make it myself?I went up to the salad bar and picked out a plate (which I had to fish for because the top two were DIRTY). There were only bland, unexciting options. Sure you had your lettuce and spinach base-- and then the regulars: tomatoes, green peppers, cucumbers. etc. Weirdly enough they weren't offering carrots that day (maybe they never do? or maybe they just ran out) but they only offered two cheeses (feta and I think cheddar). I don't know what I expected, but usually there is at least tuna, avocado, or pineapple offered at salad bars that I have seen in similar salad bar setups. The base for these salads seemed to be ham chunks and bacon chunks (once again, not giving us vegetarians better options even when using the salad bar).  I tried the potato salad which was quite bad, as it was loaded up with more of the mustard sauce then actual contents of the salad. They did not offer a lot of the last minute throw ons-- only bacon bits and sunflower seeds (what about croutons, those swirly crunchy things, or nuts?!)Our waitress was pleasant but forgetful, as my boyfriend sat with his fries for a long time before he got his ketchup. However, when she realized her mistake, she did RUN to the kitchen to get it. (And by the way, he ordered a Turkey burger that he seemed to like enough, but he did say it was nothing special).When we ate here, it was around two o'clock, and it was extremely dim inside. Sort of like I was wearing sunglasses. It was odd to have extreme mood lighting during the middle of the afternoon. Overall, the food is bland. I ate here on a Thursday, so maybe they don't put out a huge variety on the weekdays. But the selection they did provide didn't taste fresh or even interesting at all. The prices are seemingly cheaper than other restaurants-- however, the quality of the food is WAY overpriced. The salad bar was 8 dollars, and I could have gotten a huge salad at Wendy's that was way more delicious for only 4 dollars. Basically, eating at Ruby Tuesday's is like dining in at a fast food restaurant that is disguised as a dinning-in restaurant... with possibly worse tasting food.
Great all around value and consistency.   All the different items I have ordered here....close to a dozen...are good here.I would have given this place a 5 star ratings if the corporation didnt change the policy on the salad bar.   2 years ago...Ruby had one of the best salad bars in the country....wide selection of different veggies...pasta salads....and desserts...truly 5 stars.   Then the bean counters took notice and probably figured out they could save money by trimming down the selections.....too bad.   They trimmed the selections down by half.    I used to average going there twice a week because of the salad bar.   Now is more like once a month....still good..but there are other choices now to consider.  I was finding out...alot of my friends were also going there for the salad bar.What is really underrated in this place are the burgers.   The burgers come out very tasty.   Good portion of hamburger....quality bun....very good fries....If this place just cooked hamburgers...it would rate 5 stars.
Food was OK Staff was nice but server was slow as sap and barely says a word to you. Doesn't come by to check on you and took forever with the bill
I'm biased because this place is right by my house, but I really like it! It's never super crowded, the bartenders are nice, and the drinks are cheap. They also host live music every now and then, which is super fun. Definitely a hole-in-the-wall-type dive bar, and it does its job well.
crispy pepperoni pizza that hits harder than ray ricefriendly staff ! great prices !
I absolutely love Ruby's, I was reading the reviews on how this place doesn't have 5 stars and most of the bad reviews are from 4-8+ years ago, it is amazingly cheap, the pizza is great, the people are kind, we get it a few times a week and we absolutely love it
This bar is amazing!! The nicest employees who will go out of their way to make their costumers happy. It is very easy as a bartender to be rude, but these people rock!!!! Strong drinks, awesome environment, and great pizza!! Highly recommend.
Pizza isn't half bad. Good price for what you get. Bar was clean. Great local joint and a nice patio.
For starters, this is not your family style restaurant. Look closely at the details here on Yelp people. You don't want to arrive hungry and completely confused. Instead, this is a badass dive bar not far from campus. They have live music often, cheap drinks, friendly bartenders, a couple pool tables, a small patio, and a handful of televisions. When I arrived, I immediately felt like I was in my happy place. I mean c'mon, a round of top shelf tequila shots for four people was only about $22. Rejoice, rejoice!I'm sad it took me so long to visit but I know I'll be back. This is definitely a hidden gem for those that appreciate a good divey spot.
Have had several fun nights at Ruby Tuesday. The trivia/karaoke on wednesdays is super fun. Drink prices are amazing! What completely killed my experience/vibe was the last time I was there was the bartender arguing with me to tip him. I forgot my card at the last bar I was at, and I was paying with my buddy's money. Trust me, I tip, literally put up an $8 tip on a $12 tab there the other weekend. I've worked in a resteraunt, I know what it's like to work on tips. Are you really going to argue with a patron of your establishment? I have never been to a bar where the bartenders have done this. Out of line and rude.
Very cool atmosphere, low beer prices, laid-back bartender and tasty pizza. The bartender said the owners are antique collectors and that explains why the inside is so unique. Two pool tables and a nice patio outside.
Went here for the first time Friday night. Definitely a unique bar! They kept a lot of the characteristics of the old building, and they have 2 pool tables and a few other games. I didn't order the pizza, but it looked and smelled delicious! It was very loud, but there was live music so it's to be expected. It's close to campus, but you wouldn't know it. Prices weren't bad for the location. I was warned that parking is difficult to find since it's all street parking. We found a spot within the block, but if it's busy (Friday/Saturday night most likely) I can see it being worse.
Ruby Tuesday is one of the coolest bars in Columbus. It's not the fucking chain of course. This is actually a hipster bar and music venue. It's not real big and it gets crowded. This is still pretty cool to see show. I like getting cheap drinks when there's not a show happening. It has pretty good specials. The draft list includes some okay local choices along with the usual. It's however mostly known as a place for music. This should be visited by any music fan at least once. It's not always the best acts but it's better than being in an arena far away from the action. The worst thing is the cover for which there is often. If you like local music go to Ruby Tuesday. It's fun making people think it's the shitty ass chain. They get quite a surprise when they get there.
It seems like everybody i know has seen a show at Ruby Tuesday. Not me. If i ever get a gigging-level band together again, i will definitely go there in search of a booking. It seems that the management is receptive to bands that are just starting to perform publicly. Last Summer i dropped in to Ruby Tuesday just twice on sweltering afternoons. During happy hour, the Bell's Two-Hearted is temptingly cheap, but i can't recall exactly the price.  I had to forcibly detach myself from the bar after three of them so that i didn't end up scrapping the day in a beer blur. The bartender, a young guy, was friendly and we both paid attention to Jeopardy and had some meta-exchanges over it. The bar is dingy, worn and dark.  I was confused for some time over references to Ruby Tuesday as a local music bar because i only knew of the chain concept restaurant. This atmosphere lies far on the other side of the continuum. All in all, my experiences at this bar have been pleasant and brief. I'll need to take in a show there in order to do a more thorough write-up.
I've seen a decent amount of shows at Ruby Tuesday.  I've never been there before ten or so, so i don't know what it's like in the day, but judging by the giant frat dude who wanted to fight me for helping the drunken stranger puking on his yard around the corner, I suspect it might not be my thing.  And also judging by the little fratty dudes that were shirtlessly beer bonging Natty next door, I'm thinking the day crowd might suck.  But we probably have different musical tastes, so the frat kids and I are two ships passing in the night, apparently.I've always been impressed by the beer selection- Bell's Two Hearted in particular- and how inexpensive the scotch is.  If you like the band, but don't want to socialize, you can hide in the back.  If you don't like the band, there's always the patio (but you can't bring drinks out there after 1:30).  You can check out the band from the bar area, where you can hear well enough for conversation too.  Overall, a great venue if the music's good.
Not a bad bar but honestly not my cup of tea.  Cheap drinks and good service but diiiir-tay and hands down one of the scariest bathrooms in Columbus (or atleast a close second to Char Bar).I have seen a few really shady things go on there that left a bad taste in my mouth but never fear.... the beer didn't.  So if you're in the market for a good, cheap beer and live in the area, this might be 'your' cup of tea.  :)
This place gets 5 stars.  One reason and one reason only I am giving this place 5 stars.THE HUDSON STREET HOOLIGANS.They have single handedly made this place cool again.  For those of you that  have no idea who the Hudson Street Hooligans are, they are one of the unofficial fan clubs of the Columbus Crew.  If you do not know who the Crew are and you live in Columbus, just do yourself a favor and kill yourself, now.No, seriously, the Hooligans not only make this bar fun but they make all of Crew Stadium fun when the Crew play at home.  Rowdy as shit and as drunk as drunk is allowed in public, the Hooligans take over Ruby Tuesdays when the Crew are playing at home.For those of you that are unfamiliar with exactly how soccer fans are supposed to behave when rooting on their team, please go see a game in Crew Stadium.  Those drunken monkeys in the NE corner of the stadium wearing the matching jerseys are the Hooligans.  They chant things like "you suck ass hole!" when the opposing goalkeeper is running up to take a goal kick and chant God-Only-Knows-What when the other team scores.  Take whatever they do and multiply it by 10.  That is what 'football' is supposed to be.The bar itself is fine.  I have seen a few live shows there and since I lived a block away for two years I would occasionally find myself in there for random shit from time to time.  Just go see the Hooligans.  Go online and buy tickets for a Crew game and go to Ruby Tuesdays an hour or two before game time.  At about 30 minutes till kick off they are all gonna leave and walk to the Crew Stadium together, chanting and singing the whole way.  But if you think soccer doesn't really exist in America, do yourself a favor and search out the Hooligans at Ruby Tuesdays.
Despite sharing a name with a mediocre chain this is one of the absolutely best bars in town. If I were ever to leave Columbus this is one of those places I would always want to come back for. It's simply wonderful- live music, a patio, and a great bar to boot.The crowd at Ruby Tuesday's is by necessity fluid; it matches the music being played that night, like any live venue. Whenever I've gone, though, the crowd has always been positive force: supportive of the talent, happy, and very drunk in the best possible way. It's the antithesis to the bar scene directly on campus that I would have a hard time going to if my throat was on fire.Ruby Tuesday's has great prices on great beers, wonderful bar service, and a great line-up of rock acts from around town and from places even more exotic, like other states. There is a cover at Ruby Tuesday's, so you might want to make sure whoever is playing isn't completely offensive to your musical pallet; on the other hand the cover is usually pretty low, which means you can take a chance on a band you've never heard of. There's not many better venues of this size in town. Go on a nice night- the patio is a great place to sip a beer and catch a breath or catch up with friends between acts (or during less impressive sets).
Cheap PBR. An above average PA system. An endearingly bitter bar staff. A basement that conjures up thoughts of "Silence of the Lambs." For my money (which there is not a lot of), it doesn't get much better than Ruby Tuesday.Perhaps one of the most criminally overlooked bars in the campus area, Ruby Tuesday is a charmingly disheveled neighborhood dive bar that's got everything you need and nothing you don't. There are no cornhole boards, no jumbo pitchers of electric-blue vodka-infused sugar water, no "country nights" that attract droves of Jeep-driving frat guys. Ruby Tuesday's setup is rather spartan-  there's two pool tables, a stage, a bar, a porch, and the worst bathrooms you'll ever set foot in. And that's it. And that's how I like it.The great virtue of this place it's location, right in the heart of a neighborhood that's predominately populated by slackers (such as myself, at one point in time) that missed the boat on prime-location housing closer to campus and settled for one of the many duplexes that line the sketchier parts of the east residential area that Ruby Tuesday calls home. Ruby's is far enough from High St. to be insulated from the crowd that call bars like Too's and Four Keg's home, but close enough that it's still worth the hike. It's not unlikely for 2 out of 3 people in the bar to be stoned at any given time, and with a jukebox chocked full of bands like Ween, Phish, The Dead, and (of course) The Stones, it's hard to blame them. Like any campus bar, the live music rotation here can be hit or miss, the exception being a Wednesday night residency with The Floorwalkers, a local soul/funk act that's been picking up steam over the past year or so. What sets Ruby's apart from quite a few other local bars is it's sound system. For a bar that has a curious aroma of wood varnish and pee, the PA system here does a great deal of justice to just about any act that sets foot on the stage.If cheap drinks and a laid-back atmosphere that doesn't feel manufactured (just check out the basement, for crying out loud) is what you're in the market for, this place simply cannot be beat. If you've mistakenly stumbled upon Ruby's in search of a salad bar or a surf and turf special, however, you're in for a pleasant surprise.
I've eaten at RTs in Hilliard, Tuttle, Tulsa and St Louis, and they are all consistently decent for a family-oriented chain restaurant. I can't say I'm a fan of this kind of restaurant but it's definitely better than, say, O'Charleys or Applebees. The menu is extensive but pretty predictable. I've gotta admit the ribs and Louisiana fried shrimp I had a couple of weeks ago (in Tulsa) were really good. The salad bar is always really excellent, with a huge choice of veggies, pasta salads etc. Seating at RT's is always prompt, and the service very good.
My friends and I were arguing about whether or not Ruby's should be considered a dive or not. This was prompted by the yearly "Best in Columbus" poll that The Other Paper runs.I vote no. One, I feel that it's too big to be a dive. 2 rooms divided by half a wall is the basic layout of the establishment. In one room there's a small stage set up for small concerts with local bands. The other room is where the bar is located, as well as a pool table.Two, the place looks too nice to be a dive. The floors are made of a fantastic cabin inspired wood, and the patio is really nice, with a covered awning. There's a black iron gate surrounding the property and plenty of shrubbery provides a small shield from the street. A classic looking stained class sign reads "Ruby Tuesday" lets you know you're at the right place.Three, the atmosphere is really relaxed. It's not overly loud and clubby, it's more a neighborhood bar that substitutes as a music venue. I don't feel that you have to belong to a certain scene to hang out there.I guess why some people would consider it a dive is because of the really cheap drink prices. Like, seriously cheap pitchers of beer, and special cocktails during Happy Hour. But I don't think that should label a place as a dive. More like a blessing.So as you can read, Ruby Tuesday is absolutely not a dive bar. Except the bathrooms are horrendous. Notoriously bad.
What?? No one has reviewed Ruby's??? Crazy. When I lived in Columbus, this was hands down my favorite bar. Laid back, great atmosphere, with a little something for everyone. The porch is great in the summer, perfect for people watching and consuming pitcher after cheap pitcher of beer. Inside, there's a pool table with plenty of room to play, a comfortable bar where interesting conversations are always sure to arise, and off to the side a small-ish room where bands and local musicians play nightly. What I like about this place is that if you are not into watching the band, you can be in another room without it taking over your experience.The drinks here are ridiculously cheap. Last time I was there, happy hour had pitchers for $3.50. Yes, three dollars and fifty cents. If you really want to look for the best bargain there, they have a DRINK MENU hanging up, with prices! So no guessing how much your tab will be at the end of the night. All and all, great place. Can't wait to go back the next time I visit family in Ohio.Also, not sure if this still applies, but a bartender who may or may not still work there brings in his giant great dane, Argyle-- the most humongous, but also the sweetest, dog I've ever seen in my life. Awesome!
Been a longtime since I've been here...My bad!Wow. Just finished eating in the Lincoln Nebraska restaurant Fantastic ( way better than brilliant) service from our server ! Richard. Food easy great. Nice local beer. Overall lovely experience!Thanks
It was late and my girlfriend and I needed. We came to Ruby Tuesdays, and saw a sign saying we needed to wait for a server to seat us. As we were waiting we watch an employee we assume is off the clock filling a ToGo box full of food from the salad bar. We figured she is off the clock and just trying to leave.  Approximately 10 minutes go by until someone comes out and notices us and asks us to wait until she has found a section that was open. She found a small booth right next to a party of 9 people. The booth was still dirty so we had to wait for the worker to clean the booth. There was nobody else in the restaurant but it seemed important that we sit next to the party of 9... We sit down and Jennifer was our server. We had come in an hour before close, but now it felt closer so we try to decide and order fast. My girlfriend orders coconut shrimp and the endless salad bar. Our server comes to take our order and right as my girlfriend orders the salad bar... The employee that we thought had clocked off and filled her box with food came out and started tearing the salad bar down. She was still on the clock, she just didn't care that we were standing there waiting. My girlfriend speaks up a little bit louder and confirms that we could get the salad bar. Jennifer said that's not a problem. I also ordered the salad bar and the ribeye steak with the bourbon chicken mashed potatoes and broccoli. Jennifer goes to grab our drinks, and tells us we can go start on the salad bar. We stand up and see that there are no serving spoons, tongs, no plates, and the lettuce is gone. Jennifer comes back with our drinks and we ask if we can still get salad because there are no utensils. Jennifer goes back into the kitchen to confront the other worker and finally the other employee comes out with the plates... Slowly goes back into the kitchen and comes back out with the lettuce... Slowly goes back into the kitchen and brings out one spoon and sticks it in the ranch. She disappears into the kitchen and does not come back out. Jennifer comes to check on us and sees we haven't eaten yet. The girl had not brought the tongs and spoons so there was no way to serve ourselves. Jennifer apologizes again, goes in the kitchen, grabs a bunch of utensils and asks us what we would like to have on the salad bar to be sure we can grab whatever we would like. My girlfriend and I grab two plates and fill the plates with whatever we can have because we know there was not going to be a second trip. Everything we eat from the salad bar tasted like it was soaked in ham juice. Our food comes. The steak that I ate wasn't the best, but my girlfriend enjoyed my french fries. We tipped Jennifer because we know how hard it is to be a server, but particularly a server who is covering for a lack of leadership. I do not think we will be going back there anytime soon.
The waitress was good the chicken was burnt we could here the cook yelling and cussing at someone in the kitchen then the cook came out to tell us he was out of mashed potatoes but if we wanted them he could mash up some damn potatoes after he bakes them. Again the waitress was very good and polite. But would never go back.
My family and I visitation met for lunch here on Saturday. There were 9 of us. We arrived after 1 so the restaurant was not very busy. It took a long time to get the waiters attention to get menus. He gave us menus a and left. We had to wait for prolong period of time to ask him to take our drink orders and out lunch order. We had find him and get his attention to get the 3 orders from the bar. We only recieved 2 of the 3. We could see drinks at the bar so we sent him back. He grabbed the wrong one. When he bought out the meals, it was in 3 to 5 minute increments. He forgot to submit two of the meals.  They didnt get their meals until everyone else was finished. The food was average quality. The salad bar was not well stocked. Several empty or partially empty dishes. No apologies from the waiter. He was not trained well. The forgotten meals were not comped nor was the screwed up drink orders. We will not be back
This place was terrible. it should probably shut down terrible. Food was bad and the service was bad. It use to be a nice place. I'd rather eat at Mc. Donald's than this place.
Mac 'N Cheeseburger: I've actually never been to a Ruby Tuesday before. A couple weeks ago I saw an ad for this limited time item (while at the gym of all places) and was hooked. The cheeseburger is topped with enormous macaroni noodles, an exceptionally creamy cheese sauce, bacon bits, and I believe there was an actual slice of cheese on the beef patty. Another important note is the bun was soft, chewy, and was in proportion with the size of the patty (it sucks when the meat to bun ratio is off). I recommend picking up this item before it's gone, but it would be nice if it was made a permanent feature on the menu.  Doughboy approved!  (Doughboy_Food_Reviews)
Great spot to dine. The restaurant and bar area are clean, comfortable and super for conversation. They have a lot of menu items and the all you can eat salad bar. The salad items are fresh and plentiful. It is a great value for the price. And, our server Diane was very nice.
Just had the worst dinner EVER! I had the Asiago peppercorn sirloin with a salad and mashed potatoes and my husband had the all you can eat salad bar with a burger. At the bottom of my  salad that was brought to me there was a big chunk of brown lettuce. I hoped the rest of my meal would be better but it really was nothing to brag about. The bottom part of my husbands hamburger was all soggy and falling apart. The best part of the meal was the raspberry lemonade. Unfortunately that's $50 I can't get back. Also the floor was filthy, covered with food and whatever was laying down there. It reminded me of the budget with garbage and popcorn all over the place. People are eating here....can't someone take the time to clean it up when it looks that bad?
Went To Ruby Tuesday with my family & the food was really good. I ordered the ribs & My daughter ordered the bacon  cheeseburger   My wife had the chicken tenders with a side of shrimp. The Salad bar was amazing.
Those coupons are too good to ignore!Typical chain - been trying to be more "upscale". It has a nice decor and the bruch is all right too.I like the fish entrees and hubs usually gets steaks, but the sandwiches are good too.
I usually go to Ruby Tuesdays when I get a coupon.  If you are signed up on thier website, they give out really good coupons.  I used my Buy One Get One Free coupon with my husband this weekend.  The food was good.  We added the salad bar - which is really good.  They have a big selection of items to put on your salad.  Our entree's were just okay.  I didn't really like the selection of sides and our main course was good but not great.  The service was excellent.  We had a really good waitress who didn't harrass us every second or disappear into nowhere land.  She gave us the best service we've had in a long time.  Overall, I really like Ruby Tuesdays but again, will not go without a coupon since I love other restaurants much better.
The food is good and the ambience made me feel like I was in a fancy restaurant. The prices are a bit higher than other chain, sit down restaurants. What makes this place different, is the salad bar, which I really enjoyed (it pushed my rating up from 3 to 4). The appetizers are all pretty expensive, so just order entrees if you would like to have a, somewhat, reasonable tab. The guacamole was made to order, but very bland. The turkey sliders were good, but I would have to say the prices on the steaks were very reasonable and they tasted great! They have unique items, like mashed cauliflour and brown rice pilaf. The service was solid.
I have found out that Ruby Tuesday's is one of those places that you should never go to without a coupon.  I went last night with a Buy One/Get One coupon, and I am glad we had it.  Food wasn't horrible, but it certainly wasn't worth the $15 a plate that they charge.  I ordered the crab cake (Yep, just one) which came with two sides.  I politely asked the server if I could substitute the side(s) for soup and I was boldly told, "No".  I was a bit confused, and actually thought she was kidding for a minute.  Because the usual answer in a place like that is "I'm sorry, but it will cost you (blank) extra to do that".  And, my response is usually "That's fine".  I would rather pay the $1 or so extra and not waste all of the food I am not going to eat.  So, I picked out two sides and asked for the cup of soup before my meal anyway.  When my food came the server asked if we needed anything, and I reminded her about the soup that she had forgetten to bring and she said she would go right away and get it.  Never came back :(  Also, never got a refill on soda. :(When the bill finally came it wasn't on seperate checks like we had requested, so she had to take it back and print it again.   Not quite sure where the servers head was, but it definitely wasn't at work that day.I gave it 3 stars cause the food wasn't horrible.  But, I couldn't give it any more because of the poor service and high prices.
Not nearly as good as the old Ruby Tuesday's inside of the mall.  Nice atmosphere, like the decor.  The food is ok, I find it to be a little higher priced that what it should be.  Food is fresh though and good quality but I wish there were more to choose from on the menu.  I'm basing my opinion on the chicken selections, I love grilled chicken and it seems as if all of their chicken dishes have the same couple of ingredients, just with different names.  Salad bar is good but has downsized in the last year or so, they removed pasta dishes and replaced with coleslaw. I will not rush to return.
The place can be busy between 5 and 7pm, because it's good.  The salad bar is well stocked.  I like the fact that chillers keep the salad fixings very cold.  Not frozen, but freshly cold.  The soup and salad bar special is priced well.  Some items seem a bit on the $$ side, but I never leave the place feeling like I paid too much.  The portions seem to make up for the price.  It's clean, and the staff is knowledgeable.  This isn't a complaint, but if you are going to have two big TV's at the bar, why aren't you showing the local games?  Badgers, Bucks, Packers, Brewers, not USC, Cubs, or whatever happens to be on ESPN.  Still, I'm happy with the place.  I'm glad it's back in Greendale.
Love the salad bar, burgers are good.  Service is fairly quick and pleasant.  Don't understand their trying to go "upscale" with lobster and the like.  It's a Bennigans with a salad bar.  And that is enough for me.
Had to go back to make sure my first experience was not a fluke.Rest assured, it wasn't a fluke!  Great service, great food and great time!Just short of 5 stars because unlike last time, the server didn't conveniently split an entree that my daughter and her father were splitting.  It was nice that they substituted Grilled Shrimp for the Fried Shrimp on the kid's Shrimp Entree, and served 4 forks with the Tiramisu that we shared at the end of our dinner :)
Years ago there was a Ruby Tuesdays on the 2nd floor of Southridge. My husband and I always loved eatting there and were sad when they went out of business. When this Ruby Tuesday opened up, we were really excited.I have been there a few times now, and every time it seems like there is a long wait. The service is just so-so. My son had french fries with his meal. We asked for ketchup, the waiter never brought it. So we asked somebody else (who appeared to be a manager) for ketchup. By the time we got it, everybody else had finished eating their meal.  And when they did bring it, it wasn't a whole bottle, but just a little container of it. It would have never been enough for my son.Because of the number of people I see there, people must like it. But to me it is just one of those over priced, over rated places. Maybe it's just because in my mind it is not as good as the old one.
Food probably 4 star but the service ruined our experience. Quick seating, pretty small place but clean. Took at least 10 mins to get helped, drinks came out quick and took our meal order, then poof disappeared for 45? Mins till bill time. Kitchen staff delivered food and that's it, no checking on meal, drink refills, zero contact. Bourbon Salmon was nicely done, and the zucchini was cooked through properly, even the rice was good. Burger was average but came with large order of fries. No dessert because it was never offered.
Came here to fulfill our salad craving. The Good:The salad bar was stocked, clean and had lots of great options. Our server seemed new but did a terrific job as wellThe Bad:We ordered a drink for $2 and were charged $4.25. It took 10 minutes to figure it out and get our bill correctedThe Ugly Truth:It was a nice location with great service, clean atmosphere and a yummy salad bar. We liked it here and will return for more when our cravings for salad get ot of control lol
I ordered a medium rare ribeye. I should have known better. I could tell the meat quality was poor so there was no use asking for a new steak when it came out medium well.  My wife' said her sandwich was good, but chicken is chicken. Restaurants should learn to only offer food they are good at making.
Since losing our Ruby Tuesdays in Council Bluffs Iowa we decided to stop in and have our salad bar buffet. It was a nice refreshing meal on an over 100 degree day. I am never disappointed in the options on the salad bar BUT today I'm not sure what it was but both myself and my husband got very sick to our stomachs directly after we ate, I actually got sick before we left. We will still return in the future because maybe it was just a fluke. Thank you for continuing the salad bar options when many other places have discontinued them..
There was this very nice young lady named Hannah when I walked in, she was a wonderful hostess and got us scheduled and right where we needed to be, she was  a great smiling face to walk Into, the food was quite good, and the servers were fast, respectful, kind, and funny! Great experience!
Picked up a full rack of baby back ribs in Urbandale  and it tasted great. Recommend asking for extra sauce on the side.
It took close to 30 minutes to get our food and I continue to wait on the server to bring the bill. If the server was friendly, we probably wouldn't have been so frustrated.
The food has always been very good, at times excellent. Servers tend to be knowledgeable and polite, and the venue is very pleasant. We go there several times a year. I would give 4.5 stars if I could.
The food wasn't good... but what was most memorable was the General Manager. The GM was initially very friendly until my party requested another table away from two infants. The minor inconvenience of requesting a different table brought out a rudeness I haven't witnessed elsewhere. After our meal was delivered, my party was able to witness the GM arguing very loudly with an upset customer on the phone. Evidently the GM thought their title and behavior was impressive as he projected his voice for the entire establishment to hear and reiterated his title. At the end of our meal I tipped the server extremely well and told him that his man-child of a boss was surely costing him tips at other tables and encouraged them to quit as they deserve to work for an adult.
This place sucks.  It's like an Applebee's but more expensive for shit food. Didn't get a refill on my tea. Nobody checks led on us. Never going back. Place is garbage.
I have visited this location 3 times now, and have been satisfied with all of my visits.  I have never had an issue with service on any of my visits.  While the food has never exactly wowed me, I have had a couple of dishes that I would recommend to anyone frequenting the restaurant.On all of my trips I first sat at the bar while waiting for a table, and I was served promptly on every occasion.  I can't stand waiting forever for a beer while I'm already waiting for a table.  While the TVs aren't the most convenient to view, I can live with it considering it's not a place I'm going to catch a game.I have never had to wait long for a table, and service has always been fast and friendly.  On my last visit we had the southwestern spring rolls for a starter, which disappeared rather quickly because they were so tasty.  For an entree I ordered the herb-encrusted tilapia and was extremely satisfied.  Ordering seafood in the Midwest from a chain restaurant that doesn't specialize in seafood can be an adventure, but I was extremely satisfied with my meal.  My fiancee was looking for a healthy option for an entree, and ordered the spaghetti squash marinara.  She was so satisfied with her meal that she claimed she would try to make the same dish weekly at home.  Unfortunately neither of us had room for dessert but, if it fell in line with the rest of the meal, I'm sure it would have been delicious.To this date, I have always had a positive experience with both food and service, had have never left this Ruby Tuesday disappointed.
My husband and I went there twice when we first moved here 6 months ago for Sunday brunches but because the brunch is sooooo expensive, we waited for an occasion to go back.  Well, we went there on mother's day for the brunch and the food quality was sooo bad!  Not what we remembered!  The guy working in the area that cooks the meat's was asked by a gentleman next to me to wipe a plate because it was wet, so the worker took a rag that was laying around and wiped it, the man said "That was a dirty trick, that rag was dirty" then I noticed that, sure enough, that guy took a really dirty rag to wipe the thing! The guy was nice, he could have demanded a free meal or something, but he just put the plate down and walked away....The waitress tho, was nice and attentive to us... but two buffet meals and 3 orange juices?  Not sure that 50 + is worth it.  Also, if they are that dirty as to wipe dishes with dirty cloths, I wonder what else they do to cut corners....Guess no more Ruby Tuesday for us.
I've been to this location 2 times,my 1st visit I ordered a burger and it was just ok.The fries were average.My second visit I tried a shrimp entree that was overpriced and not very good. They serve food on square plates to stand out but it's just another applebees or chilis.
Doesn't pick up when you call to place an order. How do they stay in business? Ordering someplace else I guess.
These people had the nerve to serve me raw fish and one sided cooked shrimp I ordered via GrubHub I called and spoke to somebody who claims they spoke to the manager who seem more concerned with me getting my money via GrubHub then them having a continued customer because they were getting ready to close I have never had a problem with my food before but I know I will never spend my $30 at this place again due to the terrible customer service. And even though they served me raw fish I just asked if I could just get my food remade - The lady over the phone replied who's going to bring it to you i'm not going to bring it to you ( keep in mind I never asked her to do so ) I replied I could pick up it up if it was remade she said no we are closed! -NEVER A FUCKING GAIN !
Had a late dinner there. The staff was friendly and working hard.  Had the rib-eye and it was good. Will visit again.
We came on a Wednesday to use a Buy One Get One coupon. The restaurant was very clean and not crowded so we were seated right away. Service was good overall as our waitress hustled as she was the only one on this dinner shift likely the result of the difficult times for restaurants to find help.  I liked that the salad bar was open during the pandemic and masks and gloves were required at the salad bar (disposable gloves provided) which worked well. Salad bar was decent, nothing remarkable or bad for that matter. Ranch dressing was watery.  I had a full rack Of ribs, wanted onion rings but they were out so had fries and zucchini. The ribs were "OK" and what I expected. On the dry side but slathered with bbq sauce to compensate and meat easily came off the bone. Zucchini was excellent and piping hot fries were just ok - could have been hotter and less soggy. She had Asiago chicken which was super cheesy and good. Chicken was very tender and same sides I had. It was a decent meal and value (with 1 free entree) but at full price I may have been slightly dissatisfied. I wish you could substitute salad bar for a side with a $2 or $3 up-charge versus having to buy for $5 as we each had 1 not so big salad. Overall we enjoyed the meal.
Not open their published hours. Extremely rude and aggressive manager. Avoid this place!
While staying in the area for a work project, there weren't very many options for food past 8PM. This Ruby Tuesday is located at a good spot and is walking distance from a couple of the hotels in the area. The setup is just as you would expect- pick up area and bar on one side, sit-down tables on the other. There are a few tv's around to watch the game in the bar area.Food is standard faire for this establishment. One night I had a burger and the next a crispy chicken sandwich. Both were good the presentation was nice and the person cooking the food did a good job with "medium-rare". The bartender on two nights was Matt and he certainly was a positive on my visits. Good attitude and a pleasure to be around. Although it was past 9PM he still had to clean and let those of us who were still eating finish our meals uninterrupted and didn't rush anyone out the door.
Had food ordered and delivered at work. As soon as I started to take the first cut into my chicken I saw a black curly hair. When I called I spoke with Fay. She didn't even allow me to continue my sentence before apologizing and then proceeded to say they couldn't refund because it was through uber Eats. Problem other than the hair is, I didn't ask for a refund. I was hungry and wanted the food that was ordered and paid for. She blew me off because she said I'd have to call Uber again and have them deliver. What type of customer service is that!? She was completely rude, disrespectful and showed no real empathy at all.
I'm not sure why this restaurant has been rated so poorly.  I'm rather picky, and we usually get Ruby Tuesday delivered once a week.  Their ribs are just-as-good-as Bear's, if not BETTER!  Chicken strips and fried shrimp are delicious (last time I got their ribs-chicken & shrimp meal and was soooo happy.  We have ordered the artichoke dip and tater tots a few times; always good.  I can't recommend their grilled zucchini enough; I usually choose it for both of my 2 sides, which makes my ribs a keto friendly meal.  They're dinner salad is huge and fresh.  I love their cheesecake!  I don't think they make it (it arrived half frozen last time), but it is amazing!  Burgers are great.  My kids like the chicken & broccoli alfredo pasta.
Fantastic service and food in light of these trying times. Take out only during the Covid-19 crisis. Everyone did such a wonderful job with my meal--hot, fresh, and fast. I could not have asked for anything more. Great job everyone!
We were getting take-out salad bar from Ruby Tuesdays sometimes as much as twice a week over the summer. if you join their email club you get a lot of great promos and deals and to be honest, we loved their salad bar! We moved to CT from CA where we had MANY build your own salad restaurants and we miss that! So finding Ruby Tuesday's salad bar was a win for us. However, starting in the fall, we realized the quality of the salad bar items, how often they would refill (we could wait for 10-15 minutes after asking to get more lettuce because it was empty), and the fact that they would run out of items often (as early as 5PM on a weekday) really has discouraged us from returning. We have tried to go back once or twice but it's been disappointing each time.
As good as airport restaurants get. Good service,good size drinks. Food was good and served promptly.
There is no service in this restaurant. Sat at the empty bar for 10-15 minutes watching the bar staff run around and stock and clean and totally ignore me.
I mean, really, this is a Ruby Tuesday. It is basic chain restaurant that is clean and mildly consistent. They have a new menu and decor which was pretty reasonable. The new cheddar biscuits are terrible little hockey pucks and you get exactly the number for the table. I expected something good but they were dry and hard.I had the crab cake, cauliflower mash, and broccoli. Basic and fine. Everyone else we were with seemed to enjoy their meal and clear their plates. I didn't go with the salad bar because they are always kind of gnarly. It looked fine though. Our waitress was friendly even though our party doubled in size halfway through the meal, the bathrooms and restaurant were clean. It was a little expensive at $100 for six people (and only 5 of us had entrees). Probably wouldn't go back unless someone else made me but it was fine.
I write this review because I just can't sleep. Why can't you sleep Tyler? I'm glad you asked. I chose to dine in at the Ruby Tuesdays in Windsor Locks because it was close to the airport and I thought it would be a better decision than eating fast food. Unfortunately for me, I've been up sick the whole night (I'll save you going into further detail) from the overpriced meal. Even more unfortunate for me, I am supposed to be at training tomorrow and will miss out on a valuable day. I took the time to create an account on Yelp for the sole reason of warning others because staying in a hotel away from the comfort of your home is bad enough, but being sick in that place is even worse. Do not eat here. Go to the sushi joint down the road or venture further out to the chilis - I've had pretty good luck at both. But for heavens sakes stay away from this place.
This particular Ruby Tuesdays is excellent.  It's clean, not that others have not been, but the food, service and cleanliness is consistent at this location.  We tend to get the sliders here, I get the buffalo chicken sliders, there is a cooling sensation to them and my boyfriend loves the regular beef sliders.  Nothing about them ever bums us out.  It comes with the salad bar included (not everything here does).  I usually shun any type of buffet situation, but they keep this one clean, we watched and they remove the pans and replace them without spooning the leftovers from the old pans into the new fresh ones.  They give you some sort of extra "bread" plate, some fancy bread or muffins, tasty but we were so full from the unlimited salad bar and the sliders to enjoy them.  We get so much for our money here.  I recommend anybody give this location a try if they like this chain.
Stayed at a Marriott hotel nearby and I decided to walk over to Ruby Tuesday for dinner. The best thing about the restaurant was my waitress. The worst thing about the restaurant was the food. Ugh. I ordered the Dockside Trio with the garden salad bar. The Dockside was $14.99 and you would think that the salad bar came with it, but it doesn't: you have to pay an extra $2.99. The fish entree was not impressive. The tilapia was dry and tasteless, the grilled shrimp were forgettable and the worst of the three was the fish I was looking forward to eating, the grilled Atlantic Salmon. I ordered it medium rare thinking that I was eating from the sushi grade menu at the Wood n' Tap. The waitress came back and told me that the chef advised her that I might get sick if I ate the salmon medium rare. I usually order it rare, but I took her advice and I was very glad I did. I don't know how long the salmon sat around in the refrigerator, but it was not fresh fish. As I ate it, I could taste the age. I was lucky I didn't get sick, just a little queasy a couple of hours later. I downed an Alka Selzer and it saved the day, since I was flying out the next morning. The salad bar was just average, nothing special, thankfully all of the items I tasted were fresh. It was the only saving grace. I will not eat here again.
A good option if you're looking for a sitdown meal near Bradley.  Ruby Tuesday is a half-notch nicer than some of the other nearby tableservice chain restaurants, like Friendly's.The menu at Ruby Tuesday's has gotten a lot better than what I remember them having about ten years ago.  It's not going to be the best meal that you've ever had, but the food will be fine and the menu is such that pretty much everyone ought to be able to find something that appeals to him or her.
Typical American food selection. Service was not bad. Salad bar need to be cleaned up a little.
The food here is decent but way too overpriced for what it's worth. I like the coconut shrimp and the chicken sandwich here but they are super greasy and dripping in oil. The peach sangria from here is yummy though and was much more affordable than the food here. This is definitely not the place to go if you're on a budget but it's okay if you're craving American food once in awhile.
The waiter Brian., and the Manager Cristy are awesome , Brought my sister in law here for lunch for her 60th birthday, food was excellent, restaurant was very clean, salad bar all fresh Will def be back
Sadly, this used to be my favorite restaurant.  The last two visits though, have soured me to the restaurant.  Last week, eating in, our baked potatoes were slathered in sour cream, despite being ordered without and the to go order we placed with our dine in order was never sent to the kitchen.Today, I called in an order.  Before ordering, gave the coupon code to the person answering the phone and asked a specific question about the order and  based on the server's reply - placed my order.  When I arrived to pick it up, the bill was 16% higher than what it should have been. When questioned, the manager on duty said, the coupon couldn't be used.  She apologized and said there was nothing she could do.  I explained that I asked specifically when I placed the order and she responded that the server should have asked her before saying yes.    I could have left the food, but not a fan of wasting, paid the higher price and left.  Since when can a manager not make an order right?  I guess you have to ask a manager when ordering because apparently the servers don't have the training - or support of their supervisors.
Wish I could give 0 stars!I usually don't do reviews, but this experience was ridiculous! Arrived at 1:05 pm, seated promptly. Ordered within 5 minutes of being seated. Food (3 people in our party; 2 ordered pasta & 1 ordered a burger) arrived at 1:57 pm. 52 minutes to get pasta & a burger! The burger had a gooey, disintegrating bottom bun, and the side of fries portion looked like it was a toddler's meal. I asked for more fries, which were brought, but were room temperature. Needless to say, the fries weren't eaten. The manager heard me say we had been waiting almost an hour for our food (she had helped the waitress deliver our food), but no apology or discount was offered.By the way, none of the  toilets in the women's bathroom flush properly. In an attempt to use one that didn't have "stuff" in it from a previous  person, I looked at all of them, proceed to flush all of them and none of them flush everything done. Disgusting! Will never go back!
Ruby Tuesday is hit or miss, I guess.  I have not been disappointed, but I have also not been overwhelmed.It is a good place if you have a baby that requires a seat because they have nice big booths.  Food is good enough.  I recommend the salad bar.  Easy parking and access from the Interstate.
Stopped in Pueblo as the last leg of a vacation and wanted to have dinner someplace different than I could find at home.  Service started out okay but soon after our order went in it kind of went to hell.  Hubby got the salad bar with his meal, I ordered the blue cheese stacked salad.  Waiter did not bring my salad out until after we reminded him thar we had ordered it.  The rest of the meal came out before I had a chance to eat even half of my salad.  Hubby's came out correctly, and mine was missing my mashed potatoes, waiter said he would be right back with them.  We finished our meals before we saw him again, and again had to remind him about the potatoes. At that point we told him to not worry about them and just bring us our check.  He brought the check with the potatoes in a to go box.  If this type of service is typical of what this place has to offer I don't think I will ever be back.  The food was okaybut nothing outstanding, especially for the price.
I got a triple prime cheddar cheese burger with fries and macaroni and cheese to go. I ordered the burger medium well, but it was literally crispy on the outside. The inside wasn't quite done enough. How is that possible? I don't know. I think it takes a very rare talent to both burn and undercook a burger at the same time. ...it might be a good skill, but not when you're the Ruby Tuesday chef. The fries were bland and unsalted. The only reason I'm giving this review 2 stars is because the macaroni and cheese was fantastic. I got this meal for free with a birthday burger coupon, but I would've been pretty upset had I paid regular price of $12 for it. I might give them another go next year, but with this experience, I won't be coming back and giving them money until they make some huge improvements.
The Salad bar was extensive and had really good stuff on it. That is all we had to eat, so I cannot review the menu food. Our service was great.
Service isn't always stellar, but I have seen a dramatic improvement over the years. The burgers are pretty good. They are adding more of a variety of foods (like steak/lobster) to their menus. Plus, their grape martini's rock!!
Blah! The service sucked! There was easily 10 servers but it took 10 minutes to get someone to get us water... and there was about 5 other tables total in the entire restaurant! The food was ok. I liked the mini-burgers that my bf got, and the artichoke dip for appetizer wasn't bad either :). The chicken burger (what I had) was a little "eh" but the fries were yummy. We don't have Ruby Tuesday's by my house but the commercials play constantly so we were really looking forward to a yummy burger. At least my other half was happy! lol
Great salad bar, always friendly staff & WOW THE BEST SALMON AROUND!!! They were quick & looked short handed but they were nice!
June 1 my friend and I went specifically to have the garden bar.   Unfortunately it was not available.   Several people walked in and back out for the same reason.   My friend asked to speak to the manager.  He came by And introduced himself.   He blamed lack of staff for not having the bar.   He was there to hire staff Only.   Supposedly he worded 19 hours.   I'm assuming he was wanting some sympathy but he was talking to two self employed women that have worked hard.   I think he could have come up with a solution to the problem.  In  nineteen hours he could have the lettuce cut up, veggies,    But all we heard was blame to the staff.     If you are the manager wouldn't you offer customers a discount or something instead of letting them walk out.?    Why is there a turnover at the restaurant?   They are always hiring new staff.   Something isn't right Or they wouldn't quit.  Could it be the manager doesn't respect his staff!   He definitely isn't a team player or he would have done more  instead of blaming the staff.   Brianna and Tamara are definitely team players.   They are great with customers and providing service.   They are the reasons I'm giving a few stars.   If it wasn't for them it would be zero stars.
I went to the College Drive location in Suffolk, VA! We have been to this location many times because my husband loves the salad bar. We ordered to go this time 2 of the TEX MEX Steak Fajitas they have been advertising. When I got home with my order 1) the picture advertised and what I received didn't even come close to the same! 2) the black beans and rice were left out of both entrees completely! I normally check my order before I leave but the bag was tied so tight I didn't this time.  I made numerous attempts to call the restaurant and the phone was never answered! I understand staffing is a problem in most restaurants currently so I made a 2nd trip back to the restaurant to pick up the omitted part of my order! The amount of the 2 sides I received was not worth the $4.59 per gal. of gas it cost to make that 2nd trip! My biggest regret was not taking a pic. of MY order to show a comparison to what was advertised for $12.99.  Taco Bell would have been a better choice and much cheaper!
arrived with a party of 11. Offered to be split up however was told by wait staff to wait outside & theyll push tables together. Waited over 20min in entry however no one got our tables. Now waiting over an hour for our food. Only 3 other tables in seating area. Do not recommend.
Great salmon and shrimp Parmesan meals. Service was great and the salad bar was delicious too.
We stayed at the adjacent Quality Inn and walked over to the Ruby Tuesday.  The oversized banner for a fajita special lured me to try them.  Big mistake.These were the absolutely worst fajitas I have ever had.  Room temperature golfball sized clumps of rice, barely warm fajitas and bowl of black beans, but the kicker was this red mass of barely warm peppers aside the otherwise OK pieces of chicken.  So hungry, I ate it.  Not distasteful or safety-suspect, but just room temperature mess.The waitress was nice and attentive; she told the manager of my experience and he came by and expressed his apologies, giving me appetizer coupons.  I would have more appreciated them covering the tab for the $6 bottled Coronas. Never again.
Very good Philly cheesesteak sandwich. It even came with fries.We got it for takeout.Lots of food for reasonable price.
Where to begin...first off, I had to wait about 10 minutes just to have the waitress come to the table. It was not busy at all. When she did show up she was friendly and helpful. I ordered a Salmon with Mac and cheese and fries on the side, Cheese sticks and the salad bar.When I got to the salad bar, the lettuce was brown.I told the waitress not sure if they fixed it. When I got the cheese sticks they were actually not bad at all. Then to the main course, the fish was ok, it was edible.(probably me, I really don't get fish that often, but something new)The mac and cheese just had no taste, too bland.To top it all off, it was a little pricey for what I got. And they don't do a First Responder discount.At least for me, I won't be back.
Placed an order online for pickup. Picked up my order and the waitress who was helping me was wonderful. Extremely friendly. Sadly, that's the only good thing about it. I added the salad bar for 4.99, and I understand that some items may not be available due to covid however, no croutons, bacon bits, or eggs (that I noticed). The lettuce was brown, the vegetables were dry, the pasta salads and such were old and dried out. Got to my hotel (less than a mile away) and sat down to eat and my mashed potatoes were ICE COLD. The steak was undercooked and was very gray (no sear at all).
I picked up a dinner of grilled salmon, baked potato, and aside salad. The good news us that the food was good. The bad news is that-- despite not being busy-- I had to wait more than 10 minutes more than I was told, and I was not given any plastic utensils or napkins. I got the vibe that management was taking the day off.
Pretty good, much better than my last visit years ago due to the much healthier menu options, but still just another chain restaurant.
Arrived in Virginia tonight on my way to Reading, PA. After 600 miles on the road was looking for a good dinner by my hotel. Bad choice. Had the 7 oz steak and lobster tail with baked potato and sugar snap peas. Had to send lobster tail back; didn't want sushi. Steak was way undercooked. Potato was dry; no butter? The peas were good.   Service was good.
Food is ok but the bar is less than clean and the service could be better. The bartender was too busy talking to take care of me apparently.  Convenient at the least.
This place is HORRIBLE!!! Their services is terrible and they are so rude to their employees. They will ask thier employees to come in when no one is at the restaurant and then tell them they can go home early but won't pay them for the time they work. I highly highly do not recommend this restaurant. If I could give them a negative I would. Again highly highly DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!
food is pretty lousy and expensive but the beer on tap is cold and makes you sort of overlook it... bartender was friendly.  Specifically I'm talking about an appetizer app which was way too salty and forget getting the steak, it's just a cheap cut filled with fat.
Pretty terrible experience overall. Waiter (John?) was nice but place was heavily understaffed. He gave me 3 Coke Zero refills but it tasted really off and diluted and gross.I ordered ribeye steak medium well and it was super well done and tough. Not worth the price. My coworkers had nachos which were edible but not great, and tacos which were decent.Cheesecake was their saving grace. Good size for the price, but nothing special flavor-wise.Table was really really sticky, as well as under the chair. Even my plastic glass of Coke Zero was super sticky. The place needs to be cleaned up heavily. Would not come back. I regret coming here. Great waiter despite the bad service. Super subpar food. Pretty sad for my first time at a Ruby Tuesday. Looks like it's Ruby No-days moving forward. Not coming back. I left hungry and $100+ out of pocket. Terrible meal with great company.
If I could give negative star count I would. This was there worst service, the worst tasting good and slowest delivery EVER.  I ordered Salmon, it wasn't cooked all the way through and the rice pilaf was dry and lacked flavor. Cost was not worth it. I will never order from this Ruby Tuesday again. Not worth it.
Thank goodness this place is attached to the Marriott. It made my stay at the Marriott palatable. The food here is nothing to write home about. I wasn't expecting gourmet greatness and I certainly didn't get it. What I got was pub style food that tasted decent and went down easy with a few draft beers. The service is where this place shines. My bartender/server Jesse was outstanding. Quick with the refills and was able to steer me to some decent menu items. If you're looking for a cold drink and something to put in your stomach this pace fits the bill. **Note don't get the BBQ Chicken Nachos. They're nasty.
So happy to have finally been able to eat at a ruby Tuesday again. They closed the locations near my home, but we were near this location and it was a hit! Our server, Jesse, was great! He was spot on with our service and the salad bar was perfectly stocked. And those freshly made croutons were still warm and perfectly crunchy and soft at the same time. Can't wait to go back again!!!!!
Came here with my girlfriend because it was close to where we're staying, the outside fairly reflects the inside. The two of us were sat after waiting for a few minutes, despite the restaurant being empty. No big deal. The server becomes visibly upset when we asked for a booth, which was discomforting and confusing. We waited for 15 minutes as other patrons arrived in small groups, we over heard the server seating them and taking their orders during this time. She never came back to our table and we eventually left after we decided not to wait any longer for the terrible service we would inevitably get. Pretty terrible experience, shame we wasted time here. Hope everyone who works here finds happiness. 1/10.
Friendly attentive staff and great food ! Convenient location as well. I will surely return to this store!
I live in the area so we went here for an early dinner with my mom.  This restaurant is connected to the Courtyard Marriott where I've stayed on several occasions. I ordered the Hickory Bourbon Salmon Grilled Zucchini and Mashed Potatoes. My mom ordered a cheese burger and fries. I would've given 5 stars but I wasn't happy with the portion sizes.  I could count how many zucchini's were on my plate and they probably did as well. For the price they should give a little more zucchini and mashed potatoes other than that the food overall was good. Mom enjoyed hers as well. Since COVID is still thriving and numbers are rising.  I was leery about dining in the restaurant. But It wasn't crowded and we didn't have to wait long for our food to arrive to our table. Would I recommend? Yes  Would I eat again? I have been eating here for last 22 years I've lived in town.
This Ruby Tuesday sits adjacent to the Marriott Courtyard. On a cold and billowing 15-degree day, ordering a burger to go seemed like a good choice. I ordered online, and the cheeseburger and fries were to be ready within 20 minutes. I arrived 18 minutes after the order, and the order was ready. The burger was cooked to the correct temperature and was good. The fries were a little limp, which is typical when they accompany a burger in a plastic to go container. That said they were also tasty.When considering the timeliness of the order, and the convenience of the location, this review ekes out four stars. Would I eat here again? Yes, if it was convenient, I'd order from here. Would this be a destination of choice? Not likely if there were better alternatives in the area.
Horrible service!  I ordered a simple soup and salad and never got my salad.  My waiter never came back to the table for me to even tell him he had forgotten it.   They then offered it to me after my fiance was already done eating his meal.  I had them take it off the bill which they did, without any apologies.Will not return.  Also told everyone at my new office building down the street about the horrible service.  Plenty of other places to get a good meal in the area.
My husband and I love Ruby Tuesdays!  Their salad bar is the best around and there is so much variety on it! Crab cakes are amazing which is my favorite entree there. So delicious and they use a lot of crab and very little breading.  Yummo!  My husband always order the triple prime burger is delicious and very juicy.  Great place!!
This place is more then just burgers - it's got a great sports bar or dinning area with a diverse menu -  awesome salad bar to Salmon with mashed, or a dynamite turkey burger, to their choc lava with the most unbelievable strawberry sauce - dont forget to ask for extra?  It's got something for everyone!
This place is okay...I've from the West Coast and we don't have Ruby Tuesdays so I kind of expected more. Staff is great though, they are really friendly and attentive. Food is ahh okay. I figured with the prices food would taste a bit better. I got a "Asian Salmon" which really is salmon cover with sweet and sour sauce. My son got the chicken sandwhich, which didn't taste right. Strawberry lemonade was good though.
This hasn't been high on our list of places to try, but we stopped in last week for their Tuesday night special - lobster tails and steak for $14.99, which my wife ordered.  She told me that the lobster was properly cooked and tasty.  The accompanying steak was a bit chewy and oversalted, but OK.  Decent price value.  I had their Chesapeake Platter - tilapia and crab cake.  The fish was good and the crab cake was very nice by local standards - lots of lump crab, just a little heavy on the filler.  Sides were OK.  Beer was $3.00 for a pint glass.  Decor is nice enough, the servers were pleasant, the place seemed over-staffed to me.  Fairly loud background music - pop/rock.  We were in the restaurant but I noticed a bar area which was nicely set up.  There is a to-go area if you call ahead for take-out.The restaurant was busy for mid week. It must help in the evening that they are part of a hotel complex.
My brother and I just go to this place for the burger!  Its "The best of the best, 8 ounces of fresh, 100% USDA Prime beef. Handcrafted from the finest ingredients and served on a perfectly toasted bun with fresh leaf lettuce, seasonal vine-ripened tomatoes, and Ruby's mayonnaise. All are served with  endless fries." haha they arent kidding.  We usually get the TRIPLE PRIME HAVARTI burger with SAM ADAMS beer...staff are great!!
Get it right people. The restaurant is named "Ruby Tuesday". Its not a plural, or a possesive.This one is right near our office. Our team calls it the home of the $20 lunch, because if you have two beers and a burger, the cost is $20 with tip. Not a big deal, unless you have two kids and you are sending them to the $4,000 per head summer camp.This one is new. Its clean and very attractive inside. The service is good. My favorites (for lunch) the Fresh Avocado Quesadilla: Ripe avocados, grated Swiss cheese, and pico de gallo in a grilled flour tortilla. I also like the Chicken Quesadilla (both off the appetizer menu.)The guys here favor these burgers (copy and paste from the Ruby Tuesday site - ignore all the marketing jazz like "artisan", "premium", "perfectly ripe", etc.)Smokehouse BurgerTopped with melted Tillamook artisan cheddar cheese, premium bacon, tangy barbecue sauce, and crisp onion straws.Alpine Swiss BurgerWith melted Swiss cheese and sauted baby portabella mushrooms. Ruby Minis Four mini burgers topped with melted American cheese and crisp onion straws, garnished with mayonnaise, mustard, ketchup, and a crisp pickle. I'll add - good choice with the salad bar.Bison Bacon CheeseburgerRange-fed bison, grilled to perfection and topped with premium bacon and melted American cheese. I like this:Buffalo Chicken BurgerA tender chicken breast golden fried, tossed in spicy Buffalo sauce, and topped with melted Swiss cheese. Garnished with garlic mayonnaise.Good fries here too. Usually lots of corporate types at lunch time at this location.Why three stars? Plusses, clean, convenient, and good service.Downers? The $20 tab for lunch with two beers. The kind of soulless corporate environment of all the big chains (Fridays, etc.)  Plus my daughter won't go there at lunchtime - she doesn't like any of their food (not a burger eating 9yo. Go figure.)
Service is not great. Food was ok. Good for a quick meal, if staying at nearby hotel.
I ordered a medium rare rib eye steak.  The texture of the steak (which was over seasoned) was as if it was frozen then microwaved and put into the broiler to give it color. The broccoli was over salted but at least the mashed potatoes was eatable. The server was very nice but when she asked me how the steak was...it was as if she knew it wasn't very good.This is NOT the place to order a steak!
Very sticky table, chair, everything I touched was sticky, over heard a host saying kaitlin didn't want to service us because she was busy and that she didn't want to be seated anymore, But when we got here there was only maybe 3-5 different family's so it wasnt busy at all so I don't get the problem. The server behind the bar was very nice, now the food... I don't know what happened but you could tell the chicken wasn't washed or cooked well, it tasted funny, my broccoli was hard,  the spaghetti was like eating rubber very chewy... my stomach in so much pain after eating  only 3 bites of this chicken and broccoli!!!!!
Ruby y Tuesday on Emrick Blvd has the worst bartender.  She's arrogant, hate written all over her face and shows it thru her attitude. She's bad for the the restaurant, unless you're caucasian tipping alot of money,then she's kissing your behind like a puppy  The restaurant needs to send her to school to learn how to speak to the customers and relate to clients,if not, their business would go down,and that would be ashame for a good restaurant because of 1 thorn in the midst.
When you have to keep hunting down your waitress (Kaille) it is a good sign you should eat elsewhere.  The food arrived cold and stale.  We ordered the burgers, which were promoted as improved (it is hard to imagine them being worse before).  The buns were dry and tasteless, the beef(?) was a congealed mystery, and the toppings needed to be scrapped off (I wouldn't feed a gerbil the lettuce).  No refill on beverages was offered.  No measures were taken for Covid: the waitress was unmasked, there was a salad bar that everyone had open access to, no sanitizer to be found, the dishes/silverware/glasses all could have used a good washing, and there was no spacing of patrons (despite there only being a few).  Despite all this, being the holidays and with Covid, a standard tip was given the waitress; who when she saw it huffed off in a snit for not being given more.  A TGI Friday's is just down the road, consider going there or someplace else.
I picked up takeout from this location. I guess the kitchen accidentally made my order for dine-in instead of takeout so when I arrived, it was plated. A staff member proceeded to transfer all of my food from the plates to takeout containers. He was not wearing gloves or a hair net. Although his hands could've been clean, this is highly unsanitary. After finishing with my food, I definitely saw him scratch his head and not wash his hands so I'm doubtful that there were any hygiene practices in place. From previous trips, I have not been super impressed with Ruby Tuesday. Their mozzarella sticks were notably crispy, but otherwise average, though they did come in a generous portion. Their spinach artichoke dip was not very flavorful. Their soft pretzels sticks were tasty, but the cheese sauce that came with it was congealed and hard to dip into. Also nothing special about their breadsticks, though the butter sauce on the side was a nice touch.  If you're looking for food of this type, I'd stick with TGI Fridays and Applebee's for better quality.
Burgers and fries were good.  The salad bar was a bit messy and not the selection it used to be (plus it's more expensive when swapped out as a side).Service was just ok.  The impressive part was the manager was doing everything he could to get things moving from delivering food to stocking salad bar.
Tables were dirty and even the salt shaker had. Sticky film on it. Food was mediocre and won't go again.
This place went downhill  I went in excited and ordered some spinach and artichoke dip for an appetizer and placed an order for a pulled pork sandwiches well. We got the appetizer and ate all of it and then the server came out like 25 minutes later to deliver my boyfriends food and tell me that there was no pulled pork. I just made a salad at the salad bar at that point but why would you wait till his food comes out to tell me? I thought that was insane. And it looked very dirty in there anyways.
Went here tonight and left before a server even came up to me and my granddaughter!!! Salad bar was not taken care of and waited 30 minutes and no server ever even greeted me or got us water!!! Nothing!! Waste of time!!
I'm still in the process of visiting every Ruby Tuesday in this region. There are many! This Ruby Tuesday is in a lot next to a hotel. Parking is ample. I was a bit late for dinner so there was no crowd and I was seated immediately. Service was good. The chicken broccoli quiche was nice and the salad bar was pretty much the same as the salad bar at any other Ruby Tuesday. Among chain restaurants, the Ruby Minis or quiche combo with salad bar is still the best deal if you want to eat your fill.
If I'm going to eat chain in the Valley, I'd prefer to eat at Ruby Tuesday's.  They make great margaritas and pomegranate lemonade.  I've always gotten great service at this location and the managers are great if you do run into a problem.  Warning:  If you order a baked potato after 8 pm, it's probably going to be bad.I tend to go for the Ruby Minis w/baked potato and salad bar.  It's one of the best sub $10 meals at a chain, in my opinion.
Food is good as usual but the stale musty smell coming from the salad bar (works underneath??) makes eating here difficult. Management needs to get that fixed!!  Tables, walls and booths stained as well as chairs. Cutlery covered with dishwasher spots. Holes in carpet under tables. This place is in serious need of updates!  Won't return until it's done.
Still love it the cheesesteak deal was great. I'm a soco member now such great deals.
We were seated right away.  BBQ ribs and salmon entrees were great.  Kelly is a fantastic waitress.  Very attentive.   Love this restaurant.
Gag,,,   Thought would give Ruby Tuesday another try....  Had a club soda  at the bar and left.    It appear the bar area and floors have not been cleaned in years....   it smells and my feet stuck to the floor... gag gag...
We decided to stop in here after shopping. It was delicious! Our steaks were cooked to perfect temp and tender! Highly recommend!
I specifically came here an early dinner because I found an unused gift card purchased years ago.  I appreciate that the gift card did not expire and it was accepted without issue.  We ordered the ribs and the pulled pork.  The pork was a bit messed and the taste was mediocre.  The sauce on the ribs was decent and the meat was tender.  The service was attentive until it was time to pay.  Somehow we could not get our server's attention when we wanted the check.  When we finally flagged her down, she quickly processed our check and the gift card was swiped with no issue.  I would not eat food from the buffet as I noticed adults and kids touching the buffet serving utensils without them being sanitized.  The decor seemed a bit outdated and some of the wall wood paneling was worn on the edges.
While the food was good and hot, RT was a bit stingy with the soup portion and coleslaw portion sizes.  All else ok. Would order from RT again
The service is decent. The salad bar is lackluster. The food is all right. It's what you would expect from a chain.My biggest issue is the air conditioning. I understand we're in Florida so the air being low feels particularly nice, but must we keep it at arctic temperatures?! Brrrrrr...
Went here for dinner last night as my husband was sent a coupon for a free birthday burger. He had the Triple Prime Havarti Burger, and I had the Three Cheese. We customized them a bit...mine sans tomato and extra pickles, hubby's with a slice of onion. Both with fries, both had the salad bar. Just too good! Fabulous service as per usual...burgers were beyond juicy...ask for extra napkins cause you will need them!Since it was a post birthday celebration, we had to order dessert....he had the blondie and I had the Italian Cream cake...both delicious as usual...yes decadent but we did have the salad bar to balance it out, right????
Oh so right there Ressa, food was nice and hot, not to mention yummy, my quesadella was awesome, even had one waitress sing as she passed by our table..now that is one happy waitress. Crowded but well worth the wait!Janeen ( Ressa's mother-in-law)
I placed an order online. Pulled up to this sign and called. They don't answer the phone. So, instead of a curb side pick up, i have to go in. That's what i was trying to avoid. No hostess on duty. A very nervous young man is made to deliver bad news to the customer ahead of me. They left exasperated. The manager doesn't answer the phone, schedule a hostess or deliver his own bad news. The food was good but i want my tip back.
This review is somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. The restaurant was very outdated and smelled of wet carpet. The staff was friendly enough and efficient, my food came in a reasonable amount of time. My burger wasn't seasoned and the cook must have smashed all the juice out of the burger because it was dry and overcooked. I am not usually that fussy about my burger, somewhere between raw and burnt is usually good enough. If the cook had got the burger right they would have got the extra star. Just mediocre at best.
Ruby Tuesday is my place to eat after dialysis, the service is good and food excellent. We went today and was in the mood for a good hamburger. Since I don't cook anymore i decided to order 2/$22 for my lunch and dinner. My servicer was Megan K and I told her I wanted rare cheeseburger for lunch and bring my pasta home. She comes out with my pasta and put it in front of me. I told no I want my pasta to go home and have my hamburger now. We also order mozzarella stick which still didn't come out yet. The girl at the checkin was running around cleaning all the tables. I know restaurant are suffering, so make it right. After my hamburger the waitress told those customers there was no cook, so that explains the delay and bad service. I will go again and hope service gets better.
We arrived in town this afternoon and decided ro try your Restaurant. I ordered the blackened shrimp and sausage.  It was delicious  but very skimpy on the shrimp and sausage.  My wife ordered the grilled chicken Cobb salad and asked for NO EGGS. We waited 15-20 minutes for our food to arrive. The salad had EGGS ON IT.  And there was no dressing.  She took it back and we waited over 20 minutes before she brought her salad with no eggs. By this time I had already eaten my entree. We came very close to canceling her order and leaving. The restaurant was not very busy. Our waitress was evidently new. She never asked what type of dressing up front. We had to point out our entrees on the menu for her when we ordered.
My baked potato had been sitting under a heat light for most of the day.  Was so over cooked it was terrible.  Husbands steak was nowhere near the size he ordered.   His baked potato was like mine and was half the size of mine.
Ewwwww grosss y'all are nasty. Who's the cook? A literal child? How do you mess up chicken tenders?
We have lived in Vero for 4 years now. We have frequented this restaurant usually twice a month. Today 1/10/21 we ordered on line for pick up at 6:00. Getting there on time I found the bar where you pick up orders totally crowded. There were at least 7 take out bags behind the bar. The bartender was overwhelmed by the crowd but was very disorganized.  No one was ordering drinks, just all waiting for orders. At 6:30 someone finally came out to help. She checked for my order but it was not ready yet. She went back in the kitchen and did not come back. I ripped up my ticket and left it on the bar. If they are that short handed they should not be sending out coupons. We will not be back.
My classmate and I were super satisfied with our 2 for $22 dinner! We are staying here from out of town and after a long day at the hospital the Ruby Tuesday's looked promising (being just about in the same parking lot as well). We ordered the baked pretzels, the cheese sauce was yummy! Got a delicious American burger, cooked perfectly, grilled zucchini, and a sirloin steak with some crispy sweet potato fries and a loaded baker! We were happy to sit and enjoy our drinks, a Strawberry Rose Sangria an Island Mai Tai. The server, Brooke, took great care of us and was very knowledgeable and kind. We appreciate the great service and food after a long day. And in two weeks we'll be back :) c ya again!
Tonight was very disappointing. The restaurant was busy. Our waitress, Nancy was excellent. But the food was not even near par. The steaks we ordered were very thin cut, a little more cooked than we usually get, but I'm sure that's because they were cut so thin. The French fries were cold and stale tasting, we did get a second batch which was better. The restaurant was out of baked potatoes at 6:00 which shouldn't happen, they don't go bad that quickly that you can't keep extra on hand. There was just no leadership in the kitchen, a lot of people complaining about the wait time for the food and then the food. So sorry to see this happen, we are regulars and we don't want to see this Ruby Tuesday's close but if this keeps happening people will no longer come here. Please try harder to regain control. Better cooks needed. Our last visit was just as bad, food wise. Not that it affected us but the bartender shouldn't be the one fixing Togo orders when there are people at the bar and in the dining area waiting for drinks. If it wasn't for Nancy we might not come back. Nancy is our only reason for returning.  Very disappointed.
Well let start by saying everything was cold, then I called because they forgot our appetizer. Pretty much was told that if I wanted my correct food I could come pick it up. Btw we used door dash, and we all know it's not doordash  fault because of the Ruby Tuesday's staff hands them the food closed-up due to the covid. I've been in this restaurant business for over 20 years and never as a manager what a guest ever hear me say to the host or whom ever answer the phone tell her if they want it don't have to come and get it well guess what Ruby Tuesday's we never want it again since it was in complete an incorrect thank you so much for making our vacation horrible
Over and over have tried this location, hoping it will become decent.  Last experience 12/24/13, awful.  Fries = hard, cold. Potatoes = looked and tasted as if leftover from previous day.  Chicken, awful.  My friend really wanted this meal for holiday.  Against my better judgment and much experience with this location I ordered for him and myself hoping we'd get lucky.  AWFUL.  Big Mistake.
Service was solid and friendly.Food was good only negative fries were to salty.Prices are normal
I love this place.  Sebastian is a slow paced place, so one must learn to adapt. You are on Fla time now... We  moved here from NYC back in 2001 and learned to kick back and enjoy.  Ruby Tuesday is a very cool place and very well run. No complaints about the food either.  Really good restaurants  in a small place like Sebastian are few and far between.  This has to be one of the better one in this small town...& btw.the $5.00 maritini happy hour @ the bar is really a cool hang.  Oops - just gave up the best secret in Sebastian...Great martinis...
This is the slowest Ruby Tuesday I've ever been to - maybe the slowest restaurant as well. It was a slow saturday around 2pm.  Pretty sure the old man in the corner got here for his 21st birthday and is still waiting for service.  I am not elaborating when I say that we were seated and told a waitress was coming to our table.  20 minutes later I had to go break up some chatty waitresses on their cell phones who reluctantly came over to our table about 5 minutes later.  When we FINALLY had our food, it took another man hunt to find the waitress to bring our check.  We were there almost 2 hrs when it was all said and done.  Saving grace?  They have a good salad bar.  Another annoyance?  It was not busy but the music was so loud our table could hardly hear one another.
Beautiful, well-stocked salad bar, everything there is tasty and fresh.Bar and soft drinks are good.Anything else is hit or miss.
Had a buy one dinner get $10. off a second dinner coupon. Decided to take an elder blind lady friend with me to lunch. I ordered a fish that came with black beans and brown rice. When the waiter brought it to the table I noticed the rice had bell peppers in it. I sent it back because I can not eat bell peppers. The menu did not state there were peppers in the rice. The waiter offered me baked potatoe in place of the rice. The potatoe was rotton inside. The waited went back , the cook told him he could not give me another potatoe because I had a coupon. I guess it is ok to give out rotton food if the customer has a coupon.
Salad bar . Amazingly wonderful. I love their promotions right now.  Kept clean and fresh
The food was OK, the service was absolutely terrible. Restaurant was FAR from full or even more than 6 customers so to not have a server check on how anything was going showed the didn't care, especially when the employees are yelling and cursing across the restaurant having personal conversations walking past tables. I waited more than enough time to even receive silverware to eat my pasta. & the sausage was DISGUSTING completely Oily I removed every piece of sausage out. The waitress also had our food sitting because when it came out it had the film layer on the food when it starts getting cold from sitting out
We had the best time at Ruby Tuesdays in Clinton. The food was good and I looooved the bottomless salad bar, but it was the INCREDIBLE service by a jack of all trades named K.C. that made our visit exceptional. He greeted us right away with sincerity and a professional joy rarely seen in hosts these days. He made sure to take care of every need and somehow returned to our table multiple times to check on us despite handling so many other things in the restaurant. Not only was K.C. a serious multi-tasker, he was a genuine people person and clearly invested in creating a wonderful experience for every guest. It is rare to see this level of customer service nowadays. K.C., we would return just for you! (Give this man a raise!)
This Ruby Tuesdays has always been great.  The food there is always great.  Always. The atmosphere is always great. Always. The servers are great. And the management is especially great. We love this place. They took good care of us during the pandemic and they continue to do so to this day.  Their customers service never fails to impress, also. We also enjoy bringing our family and friends. We love this place.
The waitress Rashell was very hospitable.  Great serrvice, for me, makes a difference in the overall impression of a restaurant.  The salad bar was great.  It had been at least 10 years since I had been in. Ruby Tuesday.  I will be back sooner than 10 years!
Food was excellent the server was really nice and gave outstanding customer service.. will visit again!!
I got the ribs mash and broccoli everything was on point and ribs was very tender classic bbq sauce so good on the ribs I'll definitely be back. Me and my friend got mango and strawberry lemonades. Lemonades had real fruit puree really good thank you for a great take out experience.
We were seated almost 20 min ago. 1st of all the host sat us a dirty table which I had to ask her to wipe off! Then we waited 10 min for a waited and the side we were on there was only one other table with guest! The side we were on was FILTHY..as you could see there were 3 tables that have NOT been cleaned! As I'm posting this the tables still have NOT been cleaned! Our waiter has not been by to remove our salad plates yet. Where is management plainly they don't care as to what is going on in here! Oh they are sitting down by the bar not doing anything! Not checking on the appearance of restaurant or what their employees are doing!!! Can we get better management and servers in this place..people spend to much money for this! Not to mention the bathroom is just NASTY
Last weekend, my niece (Lambie) and I stopped by @rubytuesday for a quick sit-down bite.*Spinach-artichoke dip with nachos*Mozzarella sticks - Lambie was fully prepared to murder me in cold blood, had I reached for another... #teenagerssuck*Chicken & Broccoli Pasta - Seasoned chicken and fresh broccoli over penne pasta in Parmesan cream.*Classic Cheeseburger with French FriesI'm usually not a fan of certain chain restaurants, but I made an exception because of the location and time crunch.The service and food were good, and we enjoyed our meal. Would definitely return if in the area again.__IG: @f.huxI #yelp and I know things.Keep reading... linktr.ee/f.hux #foodieHUX #yelpelite #yelpeatsdc #yelpdc
Excellent food as always, problably the best rack of ribs I have ever had, tremendous customer service and as always the food is flat out awesome. Thank you and see you again in the near future. Clinton Marylands Ruby Tuesday's.
The food is good the service is hit or miss.  80% of the servers are horrible. Salad bar is great! I eat here 3 times a week because its close but if I had another choice I would love it.
We always ask for the same server, and get excellent service and tasty food.  Salad bar looks attractive and well stocked.  Lighting is dismal but decor is nice and bathrooms are clean.
Part of a national chain so you'd think overall the food should be good. This location is better than the Waldorf one, cleaner anyway. Service is hit or miss. Have stopped in several times and it's never very busy but the kitchen is sloooow to get food out. Ive been lucky that my servers have kept my supply of drinks up so waiting for food wasn't so bad. The salad bar and burger sliders are good. Strawberry lemonade isnt bad either. In this particular area, there isnt much to choose from if you want a sit down place to eat (there are several fast food joints close by)
pretty bad.   went here becase we were looking for something decent priced and quick before a show we were going to at the verizon center.burgers and fries tasted like they were frozen prior to preperation.  the mac and cheese tasted like a store box pack.not going again with all the other good resturant picks in the area.
I am a regular here because I order lunch to go. My boss is Vegan and Ruby Tuesdays offers a pretty wide selection for vegans and vegetarians. They offer a Veggie Trio which is 3 of the Veggie side dishes in a platter that comes with the salad bar or soup. It's a pretty good deal and my boss is in Love with it. As for me, I get pretty decent service when I come here. The greeters are very friendly and the waiters know my face and order by now. They are not always the most competent but they mostly mean well so I don't mind. But I'm not really a fan of Ruby Tuesdays food. Their new menu, which has a plethora of options, makes me more likely to eat here than I would've before. I recently ordered the turkey burger minis and they were a delight. But nothing to really drool over. So they are A-OK...Nothing spectacular but also not horrible at all.
I went back a few months back with a party of 6 this time. Didn't have any of the previous problems from that last visit. Everyone was satisfied with their entrees and we had good service.
I like Ruby Tuesdays, just not this one. Took forever to get waited on and even longer to get the food. The salad bar was OK, wouldn't cross the river for it. I do not plan on visiting this place again.
Decent enough food. A full menu. The salad bar was good, and the hostess was very nice.  The pace of service was glacial. I can't understand why, because it wasn't like the place was teeming with people. Our meal took about 75 minutes total. How come it take 20 minutes to bring an iced tea and a soda? My mother loves eating there, so we go there. She's in no hurry at all.EDIT: Their wi-fi is free and magnificent. Worthy of a star upgrade.
Ordered steak and lobster -VERY GOOD. Not place to be if you're in hurry tho :(
Love ordering food for my family for delivery here. Haven't had many issues other then food being cold or prepared wrong. Usually they're pretty good with fixing those things thought.
We had hope for this outing. Our first sign to leave was the seeing a cook smoking near the front of the restaurant. Our server begged us to pay in cash and promised a free appetizer... Repeatedly harped on it. I used to be such a fan of the salad bar. I ordered the salad bar with soup. The salad bar was full of wilted, mushy vegetables that had gone bad, along with over saturated macaroni and potato salads. The server forgot my soup, but I should have known that was a sign to not consume it -- it was a premade, bagged soup. He said the cook forgot it but by the time it made it to the table, it had a layer of film over the top. I almost ordered a burger but glad I didn't because my mother-in-law's burger made her sick. I'm really sorry this restaurant went downhill; it used to be so good. Not sure how they will recover.
Was reading reviews and was a little nervous but went in optimistic with the good ones in mind! glad i did, my mom and i had an amazing time! pretty sure our servers name was alex and she was a sweetheart! made sure we had everything we needed and kept the refills coming! food was pretty good too, i got the hickory bourbon chicken with mashed potatoes and upgraded to a premium side and got the mac and cheese. couldn't pass up also getting the garden salad bar, it's always been my mom and I's favorite! my mom got the classic cheeseburger with fries and the salad bar. do have to recommend getting the salad bar when you go, it's just unbeatable. only reason i'm giving a four star instead of a 5 was because the mac and cheese was a little bland and a tad cold in certain places when it got to us for some reason. also had the birthday cake to go and honestly if you enjoy cake it's to die for! all in all had a pretty good experience and can see myself driving back up to have another experience there!
Ok so given, I'm a vegetarian so this place isn't my #1 choice and I don't have one in my area....but long story short.....went here with a HUGE party late on a Friday night. 13 of us....all women who had flown to get there who were hungry and a little tired. So ya, the food, eh, ok.  I did make my own dinner with a mixture of things.  RT you really suck for vegetarian food options, but your mac n cheese is pretty good for a chain restaurant (I'll give ya that one). My beer was huge and yummy and cheap, so extra points for that.
Service was spotty, but at least a good part of the salad bar is gluten-free, and they had olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dressing. Add a baked potato and it kind-of feels like a normal lunch.
So I'm on a business trip too.. Ba-dum bum. So when I see that Ruby Tuesday I think of the meaty oasis that I am deprived of in Southern California, I'm almost giddy that my hotel is walking distance from it. Well, my previous experience was that they had nice beers and paid a lot of attention to food quality but this time, it was just.. good enough. The salad bar was pretty wilted and nasty but I did find a good macaroni salad that I gladly wolfed down. Burger came out unceremoniously plopped on my plate but it was at least cooked the way I ordered it. The waitstaff seemed to be enjoying themselves immensely with... whatever they kinds of flirting or courting rituals they were up to. I wasn't going to $@# block the fellas so I just chalked it up to being a laid-back southern thing and not fret about the service. I think it could be much worse, but if you're in the area for business, I'd take the opportunity to get some local cuisine (bbq).
You can't beat the burgers and the salad bar at Ruby Tuesday's.  They have a huge burger list and also cater to non-beef eaters with turkey and veggie burgers.  We love the triple prime burger (ground tenderloin, sirloin and prime rib), the mini-cheeseburgers and the traditional cheeseburger.  Their fries are also very tasty--crunchy with salt and pepper seasoning.  I also love their chicken pot pie, chicken oscar, and salmon.Recently they have re-done their decor to give it more of a modern, low-lit feel.  The hostess at this particular location is a doll and recognizes us each time, as do alot of the waiters and waitresses.Prior to their new look, the service and quality started to go downhill a bit, which was a disappointment to the husband and I since this is one of our staple local spots.  However, we have been back since and they seem to be improving.Sure, it's a chain restaurant, but I'm glad to have it around.
Placed order on line for curbside service. I had to go in, finally got my food about 10 minutes after scheduled time. When I got home I found it missing part of order. When I called the manager, she wanted me to drive back the 7 miles to pick up missing food. This place has terrible customer service.
My husband and I chose to go out to eat tonight. Our waitress was Amanda. This young lady was so pleasant and very professional. There's such a grace about her in how she takes care of each individual table and person. Amanda's attentiveness was Awesome!!! This girl deserves a raise, promotion or something! Been a while since we've had customer service like that. The person who restocked the salad bar was also pleasant. Worth a revisit...
I had the WORST experience today at Ruby Tuesday in Fayetteville. I utilized the email deal, which had BOGO entrees and placed the order online. The online system stated that it would take 20 minutes for my food to be ready (3:25 p.m.). I arrived to the restaurant and my food was not only not ready but had not been prepared. I waited OVER an hour for my meal and when it arrived, the order was wrong and completely missed an entire meal. I had to wait another 30 minutes for my ribs and soup. When I got home, almost 2 hours later... All of my meals were completely cold and I was still missing a side! In addition, the restaurant was out of sweet potatoes, mayo, everything! The manager was obviously hiding from disgruntle customers because she would not come to address the delays and missing items. After waiting for 2 hours, I wasn't even offered a glass of water! #NEVERAGAIN
We were seated at 6:45pm. There were only a handful of customers seated and most already had their food. After 10 minutes of nobody even coming by to take our drink order we spoke to the hostess and asked for someone to come take our order. She disappeared into the back and brought us each a glass of water. At 7:12pm we gave up and walked out after nobody had yet come to take our drink and food orders.
Very slow service and inattentive staff. I walk into the restaurant and there isn't anyone at the host stand. I wait and wait but no one showed up.
Only reason I gave one star is because of the bartender. We were seated immediately but our server Amber never came to the table. My bf sat at the bar just so we could at least get a tea or two. After waiting over thirty mins for food we received our food with cold fries and my burger was sent back because I asked for a gluten free bun. The gluten free bun was ice cold. I paid and was left feeling very disappointed. I've never had such poor service from this location.
A den of thieves. Office ordered delivery. They charged $150 to credit card: fair enough.But then they put another $190 hold charge in case " order changes" and without informing me first. After numerous phone calls ( most of them unreturned) ,they explained that the charge will drop off in 3 to 5 days maximum.This was 10 days ago . Now they say it will take 2 weeks!Ironically the food was delicious,but I will never order from this place again.Watch your credit card charges!!
Don't go to Ruby Tuesday unless you have unlimited time and you aren't hungry.  I have tried several times to go for lunch and have always had to have my food boxed to go.  Today I went in and ordered a side salad and a side order of grilled zucchini. That is all I ordered.  I would have expected to have both within 5 minutes.  After 30 minutes, I got my salad but was still waiting on the zucchini.  I had to ask for boxes and the bill when she brought my salad because at this point, my lunch break was almost over.  So, I had to leave, taking my food with me, and return to work without having eaten.  Today was their last chance.
It took too dang long to receive our food. We spent more time waiting than eating. I'm so over this place. Each location is worse than the last. The server Aisha (sp?) was very nice, hence the 1 star.
I went to Ruby Tuesday for a sit down lunch with my family and the server was by far the nicest server I've had at a restaurant in a long time. (Shout out to you Aisha, you rock!) The steak I ordered was cooked to perfection and my brother said that the burger he ordered was the best burger he's had from anywhere. We will be returning to this location in the future.
This is one of my favorite locations. Although the waiters seem to change a lot here, I always have a great experience. I should add that I like to come as soon as they open, or well before the lunch time crowd comes. The salad bar is always so fresh and is full of all of my favorites. This time all I had was the salad bar. My niece had the chicken fingers, fries and the MacNCheese. I was NOT a fan of he MacNCheese. It had a lot of cheese but it wasn't cream, it was kind of chunky. instead.
Dirty   Next time you go in check out the dirt on the lamps over your head and the blinds and the floor.  Food is frozen meat fast cooked on grill and awful.  USE FRESH MEAT and they will come. That is if your kitchen isnt as dirty as the rest of the place.  I read the other reviews   Salad bar is marginal and passable for the old place  prices are slightly higher  I am writing to national offices this place needs a cleaning.
Great and warm greeting from the hostess. Jessica was our server. Very courteous. We ordered appetizers, kids meals and entrees. All came out great - quality, size of dishes, temperature and flavor was great. Salad bar was well stocked, clean and a dedicated staff member was looking after it. Refills on drinks came without saying anything and manager stopped by to check in with us as well.
My family has been coming here since this location opened. I have never had an experience bad enough I felt the need to leave a negative review until now. Had a reservation for a party of 14 and when the reservation time had passed the manager on duty stated he thought we had left and had assigned the tables to other guests. Common sense would have told you to ask your hostess or look in your lobby. This manager did not offer any kind of apology just alot of attitude. Will not be back EVER.
I had never been to Ruby Tuesday's before but I had the absolute WORST experience ever. Our server Erica J was very rude and impolite and I do not mean that lightly. I worked in the restaurant industry for over 5 years and it is rare that I experience really terrible service, as I go out to eat quite often. Well this definitely took the prize. What made matters worst, I even spoke with the manager about how displeased we were with our experience and he did not one thing to apologize or rectify the situation. He did not apologize or see if there was anything he could do, he simply said ok I will talk to her. That was not satisfactory for a paying customer of a franchise where you are trying to make a lasting impression on each and every guest. Needless to say I WILL not be back to the location of the branch and would definitely not recommend anyone even waste their time or money. You would do better getting a salad from Wendy's, which speaks volumes because I do not even eat at fast food restaurants!!!
have eaten here a few times. staff are pretty nice. restaurant is clean. drinks are well made. my biggest problem with this place is the prices. what they charge for the food is ridiculous considering the quality of it is average at best. tastes like something i could make at  home for a lot less money.
Steak, salad bar & Pinot Grigio nice for this small town in Georgia while we were there.
Service here is terrible. Got seated at a booth in the bar and sat for 10 minutes before a server approached us. Our drink order took another 10 minutes to be delivered to the table. Our food order was not correctly cooked to the desired temps. Overall bad experience
My expectations weren't very high considering all these reviews. However, if I had to starve or eat at this establishment again, I'd starve. There are many factors that made me decide to steer nearly every single person considering going to this establishment far, far away. Cleanliness: I don't think there are enough staff members to keep this place clean. It's apparent that they're overwhelmed by the patrons that decided to visit this establishment. It needs a thorough power washing and bleaching, as well as an overhaul on the tables and seats. 1/5 stars. The reason they get 1 star, my table wasn't wobbly. Service: Unfortunately, I don't think our server was ever properly trained. We continuously had other peoples food coming to our table, we had our food going to other tables--our drinks took well over 20 minutes to arrive, and they weren't anything extravagant. Orders weren't correct and the wait was excruciatingly long. If we didn't opt to get the salad bar, we would have sat waiting for our food for 48 minutes. Again, nothing too difficult was ordered. 0/5 stars...I could have done a better job with no training and provided our table with better service than we received. Food: I'm not quite sure how I managed to eat half of my burger or how my friend managed to eat what we called mysterymeattacodillas. The other item ordered was the Triple Play, and the shrimp that came with it tasted as if it was bought from the grocery store frozen section, ribs were dry and didn't even look edible. The salad bar held us over, but it was not refreshed, bowls were bare from the time we arrived until the time we left. Half of our items were under heat lamps for at least 5 minutes. Again, not expecting much, but this really was a terrible experience. 1/5 stars, because our French fries were fresh. It's pretty hard to mess French fries up though...It took over 20 minutes to be able to pay our bill. Our server didn't have any idea how to reconcile our checks and repeatedly told us a manager was coming to assist. No manager ever showed up, and we pretty much had to figure out their "cash register" device ourselves and just sort it out. Save yourself from the aggravation and find a locally owned restaurant to go.
Service is horrendous!  The bartender who works on Friday nights is rude.  Making the atmosphere miserable.  Food was cold when served. It's a shame this is the only restaurant close to the airport. A lot of these customers are just passing through. Thank you Ruby Tuesday for a great welcome! Not recommending this place. Higher new management
Had great service, great food, and great times with family tonight at this restaurant! They were busy but very attentive and the food was good. Price was amazing also! I would definitely say give it a try even though previous reviews might deter you from visiting. We really had a great time and Chris our waiter was tremendous!
Took 20 min just for waiter to ask us for drinks maybe cuz we were dressed weird was not busy.Took equally amount as long to get the drinks my food was hard never knew brisket is that hard to cheer waitress never came back once to ask us if we needed anything and had the nerve to watch us to see how much tip we were leaving on the screen avoid this place if you can
We asked for a table for 5 - we were 2 Americans, 2 Mexicans and a Mayan from Guatemala. We waited 20 minutes in a pretty empty restaurant for a server who was disrespectful and said and chicken or steak would "take a long time" because we were "not a priority of the kitchen". It was 3:10pm and there were few people in a very large restaurant. Why? Racism? We were all speaking g Spanish. We got up and left. We will never go back there.
Well the reviews here are low, but I found myself at a nearby hotel at 7:30pm on a Tuesday with no car. I walked over and was pleasantly surprised. Clean facility, got seated immediately, server was prompt, food was good. I went with a sirloin and rice/veggies. It was cooked medium as requested, tender, and no excessive fat. I'm glad I came. You some come too.
Waiter at the bar was rude.. gave me molded fruit in my drink! Took forever to even see if the table needed anything. The salad bar was never refreshed. The service here went downhill.
Terrible.  Got ribs and I Needed a chainsaw to eat them.  (I would have sent them back had I not gotten the to go) they went right in the trash.  Such a waste of money.  Also, there was an extremely drunk guy sitting next to me at the bar while waiting on my food.  He was clearly over served, could barely keep his eyes open and yet he was continually served.    So sad because ruby Tuesday used to be one of my favorite places.    Now that I've thrown $25.00 of food in the trash, I'll never be back.
We got the salad bar, and the food tasted fine, but it was $13 just for the salad bar. The prices were very high, I thought. They wanted $19.49 for a chicken sandwich and around $16 for a hamburger. The restaurant was not very clean, and the bathroom was disgusting. My fingers were sticking to the door when I entered, my feet were sticking to the floor when I walked in, and everything was very dirty. It looked like it wasn't cleaned in months. If you can find another option nearby you might want to try that.
FUBLE Diaries: Episode 4 * Just a brief disclaimer, to say that while I am not currently employed there (and it wasn't this location) I worked for Ruby Tuesdays for years. You are welcome to keep this in mind , when you read this..."review" Our damp day in Philly was behind us and after a rough few days for Jason, of travelling and hard living, he was ready to crash. Aside from the Arthritic condition, he also has a bum kidney, which takes alot out of him. Not wanting to impose on my family while he was sick (although I offered) , Jason preferred to get a room so he could rest up for the Main Event of the Eagles Game the next day. I figured the best bet, was to get a place near the airport, although with game 3 of the World Series set to begin that night, and a bunch of Yankees fans needing to rest their inflated heads, I wasn't optimistic. However, after utilizing an iphone ( There's an app for that!) he was able to get a pretty sweet room, for a decent price. The 2 other guys and myself, decided to pregame at Ruby Tuesdays, located in the same lot, to make a plan for the evening. Having worked there for years, i wasn't excited to be back in a Ruby Tuesdays. Nothing personal, I actually think their food is better than average (*wink @ DJ) but I think anyone who has left a place of employment can understand. Not to matter, we wouldn't be there for long...or would we. I tried to take notes on how these Alaskans operate. These guys walk into any place and after only a few minutes...own it! They are, however, armed with one of the best icebreakers Ive ever seen, " We're from Alaska." Its amazing how this gets peoples immediate interest. I'm thinking of having a fake McLovin ID made up, only with Alaska. This was how it went down on this particular evening. Dean, Mike and I sat at one end of the bar, and noticed a lovely blue haired Golden Girl, sitting at the other end. Without a word, Mike got up and began talking to the woman, who laughed, pointed at us and smiled. When Mike came back, I asked what he said . " I told her Dean was coming over to buy her a drink". It was then that we looked over, to see Betty White waving at us! Not wanting to disappoint, Dean walked over and bought her a Native Alaskan shot, The Duck Fart, which is a delicious combination of Kahlua, Baileys and Crown Royal. She loved it, and the flood gates opened. Turns out that entire side of the bar was her family, sons daughters, uncles, brothers, etc. These guys had befriended an entire clan, in about 2 minutes. What followed involved much laughter, back slapping, shots bought and good times. I distinctly remember that Dean was behind the bar making shots at one point. If you've ever worked at a corporate restraunt chain, you'll understand how rare a sight that is. These guys were not only allowed to do this, but were encouraged by the Managers with much fanfare. They became such good friends with the Management at Ruby Tuesday that if I ever need to get a job at RT again, I'm going to go through the Alaskans. So our pregame , became the Game itself. We ended up watching the entire World Series game there, and I'm afraid to know what they dropped there that night. I guess that one of the side effects of bar popularity that I cant afford. When all was said and done with this trip, we all agreed that that night at Ruby Tuesday's, was one of the highlights. Whod'a thunk?
This restaurant was basically 50 feet away from the Hampton Inn so it was a no-brainer. I was a little concerned because all of the Ruby Tuesday in my area back towards Pittsburgh were closed so I thought they were all gone. They're still cling to their stupid Covid policy  and I may have had the most inexperienced waiter ever, the New Orleans seafood was supposed to come with two sides but it didn't and I basically shamed him into bringing rice. I don't blame him, I blame the manager who did not train him and unleashed him on the public. Soon this ruby Tuesday will be added to the list of closed restaurants.
Not bad but definitely not the best. Sad to see that the Ruby Tuesday chain is slowly dying when they used to be really good! Salad bar increased in price while the food quality of it decreased. All of the plates were dirty for it & the lettuce was wilted. We ordered mild buffalo wings also with ranch. Wings were alright but definitely some frozen brand, they always have a specific taste to them. Ranch wasn't its normal consistency it was watered down. Only reason for the 2 stars was our waiter was nice yet he was sitting at the bar while we were waiting for our check. Such a shame that this chain restaurant is going into the gutter.
The salad bar at Ruby Tuesday is very good. If you have kids it's a good spot for a quick meal. Probably would go to a more upscale for a date night, but for a fast, decent family dinner it's good.
Horrible!!!  Not necessarily our waitresses fault, but partially.  3 tables sitting including us another couple walked in, by this time we had our drinks and ordered.  The other two tables had their food already.  Table #4 got their food well before us, still not a horrible issue.  Finally our food starts to come out 2 of my 4 kids got mild wings, one came out Buffalo, child 3 got a burger, I got a quesadilla... the other 2 people (1 child and my husband) got no food.  20 min passes and still no food!  We went to the bar and questioned 2x by now and was told the kitchen is slow, we are the ONLY table in the restaurant with no food!  We didn't see our waitress in this 20 min span, I went to the waitress station and got napkins and ketchup, I also went and got a rag from another table that still wasn't bussed or wiped when we had a spill and cleaned the mess up.  No management skills at this location at all!  This should not be acceptable at any business much less a restaurant.  When the remaining food did arrive it was inedible, my husband couldn't even bite through his chicken sandwich because it was so over cooked, the youngest child's pasta and sauce was ice cold and the fries tasted as if they were left from the day before.  Items on the salad bar actually had ice on them as if they were frozen.  We could see at least 3-4 people in the kitchen so actually making edible food (burgers, sandwiches, wings and kid pasta) shouldn't be challenging.  And after everything we still got a bill for $100+.  Now everyone is hungry and it's only 30 min later because everyone's food was disgusting.  Stay away
I would give a zero if I could on this visitPlaced a doordash order since I was in the middle of a few things...Doordash driver got lost and just decided to cancel my orderI placed an order online stopped what I was doing to drive in since at this point 40 minutes later after stating 20 minute delievery was set on getting what I wantedWalked in and stood at bar for ten awaiting the girl to get off her phone crouched down paying no attention to me even walking up, so I finally said excuse me, she rolled her eyes and said I got to go and walked overThe order on the bar was not mine and was told few minutes10 more minutes later (even though order stated would be ready at the time I walked in) finally got my food...over an hour waiting for a simple app and soup...shame on you guys, I've worked at many restaurants that woukdve NEVER allowed any if this, I have never felt so frustrated and unappreciated as a customer
So we just left. We got seated after going into bar area so bartender could see us. Sat at the table for over 15 minutes and nobody came to ask about drinks, take order nothing. Looked at the salad bar which used to be our favorite, now it's pretty bland and not good. This is the ladt time we try Ruby Tuesdays. Such a shame we used to like to ho there, well to the Montgomeryville location but it closed. What waste of our time. There was only 7 tables at the time we were there.
I was here on business and decided to grab a bit to eat . Being by myself you always feel A little awkward but when I went in I was greeted properly by server name Neil. He fortunately was my waiter also he greeted me with a smile and did not make me feel uncomfortable at all dinning by myself. I observed him taking care of all the other guest he was very accommodating and courteous very attentive you are very lucky to have him as a server Neil thank you
Don't waste your time. I understand many establishments are experiencing staffing issue but this location has been pretty bad for years. They really needs to adapt and adjust. I stood in the hostess area for 15min and watched multiple servers walk right by me and not say a word.  Left and will not be returning.
Place was short staffed but they still managed to serve great food in a timely matter. Our server Neil was amazing. He had 5-6 tables he was serving and had a very upbeat and positive attitude. Definitely recommend this place if I'm the area.
Service is terrible. Attitude is unnecessary. That was before I found out my soup was wrong and returned to have it corrected! 1/2 cup of soup for 6.79 is a bit much too. Don't plan to visit. It's not worth it. Vinny should not be the pickup person.
The Ruby Tuesday on Chemical Rd is good for what it is. It is a solid representation of the chain. The restaurant is clean. the food is well cooked, the waitstaff is friendly and the salad bar is kept pretty fresh. If you're looking for a quick meal, somewhere familiar, it's a safe choice.
Cheese stuffed olives sans cheese but no big deal, our server hand stuffed em himself & we didn't even have to tip him more than usual.
My parents offered to take me out to dinner tonight, and since it wasn't a special occasion on my behalf (ie, my birthday, etc) it meant that they would be choosing the place. Which, by extension, meant it wouldn't be any place remotely interesting, and more than likely would mean my mom had a coupon for the location in question. So...Ruby Tuesday, here we come.On the one hand you want to think that any place that has a line out the door at 9 PM is a pretty happening spot, but it sure didn't feel like one. This is the kind of place where zombies will congregate during the great undead apocalypse...much like a mall. The Plymouth Meeting Mall is barely 5 minutes away...coincidence? Though I think you can avoid having your entrails ripped from your body at Ruby Tuesday (as of the time of this writing), I would still keep that in mind. Oh, and shoot for the head.Anywhooooo, in terms of "modern American chain dining blackholes", RT is better than TGI Friday's (not anywhere near as cheesy), and also better than Applebees (its not as...classless. But in a sense I guess RT harvests the absolute value of negative class, so I suppose that is a good thing? I don't know). Its better in the way that the 3rd circle of Hell isn't as bad as the 5th. Make sense?So, yea...we were seated after waiting about 10 minutes, and after a bit too long a young guy walks up and asks if we've yet been helped. Nope. Oh, well I guess I will be your server. You...guess? Is this serving by committee? Every man for himself? Ok, whatever. To drink I will have...oh, wait, he's gone. You see, rule #1 is you take a drink order right off the bat...maybe people don't know what they want yet, but you at least give them the option. We end up giving our drink orders a few minutes later, and then the drinks took almost 15 minutes to come out. Don't think it was the servers fault, but there is no way that a glass of wine, glass of beer, etc. should take that long. No way. Ok, finally, we order our meals (after our drinks arrived...surely we cannot decide on our meal with no beverages in front of us). Almost 45 minutes later they come out. Sigh. I had the "Asian Salmon and Shrimp", somehow forgetting my rule not to order seafood at pooptastic chain restaurants. I guess the picture swayed me. It was actually edible, which counts for one star in the review. They skimped on the shrimp (less mercury for me...hooray!), and the salmon wasn't overcooked. Rice was...present. I've had worse.My parents seemed to like their meal, but as you might infer they aren't terribly picky. I guess that is a good thing...you don't have to try very hard to be satisfied. I am almost jealous. The mere presence of a coupon trumps all other considerations. No wonder I am confused.I must toss props in the direction of previous reviewers Laura D. and Jae L...for the former, the restaurant did indeed have "that smell". And not in a cool, Skynyrd way, but it was the same exact smell that the retirement home kitchen in which I worked during high school had oozing from every corner. Not fun. As for the latter, all the TV's were fuzzy, including the several sets that said "call 800-xxx-xxxx to receive service". Shall I expound at length the enormous degree of ineptitude it takes to display such a video feed, continuously, during the weekend rush? As in the way it sorta shows the customer how little they (the business) really GAF about you? Or should I discuss the very nature of a "restaurant" (as in, not a sports bar) that feels the need to stuff TV's in every corner? No? Ok.All that said, this might be a decent location to grab a quick lunch during the week if you are nearby. Not a great place, but also not a place with a drive-thru window (that is like...the 9th circle or something. I don't know how many circles are down/up there). Or just pack your own lunch, whatever.In sum, never eat here on purpose.
Why do all chain restaurants like this smell the same?  TGI Fridays, Ruby Tuesdays, Bennigan's... they all have that stale fried food scent that says "I'm a mediocre chain restaurant in the burbs, but people love me for it."  Other than this mildly offensive scent though, this Ruby Tuesday isn't bad.Even after 9pm the salad bar was still edibly fresh, and the white chicken chili was pretty tasty.  Friendly, quick service too.  The place was bumpin' for a Tuesday night, I guess it's the spot to be in PlyMo.No complaints, other than than the smell.  It'll do.
Good Service and Good Food.I have only been here twice, and both times hasn't failed me. Its a great place to go with friends to have lunch. Definitely commercial tasting food. It has a wonderful salad bar where you can make your own. Their mini burgers are also good for a burger. Their fish is also good. Its made just nicely, with no complaints.
I'm only giving A one star because I can't give no stars this meal was awful the manager was rude and I do not recommend eating at this place
I miss ours in TN so we decided to stop while visiting GA. Not a bad location. Accessible and good parking. Salad bar is still amazing. I only wish more salad bars had some fruit only because I like a little sweet with the salty. $11.99 for the endless bar is still an AMAZING deal. They provide gloves so you don't have to worry about touching contaminated serving utensils. The salad bar was well stocked and appeared pretty fresh. We were the first customers of the day so no wait for seating. My husband had the grilled salmon with grilled zucchini which was also very flavorful and a good portion. Unfortunately I forgot to take pictures because we were so focused on eating. Server was friendly and attentive. Will definitely go back when we are in the area. It is absolutely a better option than the numerous fast food places.
Loved every ruby tuesday I have ever been to but tonight I was extremely disappointed. Our family decided to order curbside pick up. Easy ordering process we were told from the website our order would be ready 20 min after it was placed. Pull up to the pick up order stall and no one picks up the phone wait another 20 min.. I finally decide to walk in. I was passed by several people when I waited, finally someone helped me to be told something I ordered wasn't available, not a big deal ordered something else. Wasn't to bad of a wait but got home the food was extremely cold and my burger buns were burnt and my burger was raw.  If it wasn't for the fact that I know everyone is short staffed I'd give one star. You may get better service and food if you dine in.
We have eaten here twice now and the first time was outstanding the second was OK.  I had a fish fish the first time which was exceptionally tasty and I enjoyed it immensely, my wife ordered the chicken crunch and said it was fantastic!  The second time we came I had a burger and the garlic parmesan wings...I didn't care for the wings and the burger was just ok...the salad bar is always great we had it both times everything appears fresh and crisp.  The wait staff has been very friendly both times although it does appear they are under staffed due to the wait we had as the restaurant appeared empty but with the way things are nowadays it is happening everywhere...we will be back to try some new items
Ordered some food to-go for the family tonight, and when I went to pick it up I experienced wonderful service and really hard-working staff, making sure everyone was taken care of! Our food was delicious, too. I can tell the manager (Samantha I think was her name) was really looking out for the staff and customers. We will definitely be coming back!!
I ordered a brisket plate with 2 sides. The brisket was old, it was turning a darker color on different places. It tasted like it was the one that you would get from Walmart in the meat section for the microwave. My sides were corn and backed beans. For 1 they were cold and for 2, they tasted as if they came from a can. Tasted bland. And the BBQ sauce was from a bottle. Worst I have ever had. Good thing I don't live here. I would NOT recommend this place to anybody, even my worst enemy!!
Went to men's restroom hot water scalded my hands.Steak was over cooked. Table next to walked out after waiting a hour for a chicken paste dish. They said it did not look like menu item.My second steak owa medium well, not medium rare.One cook had already walked out.
Worst meal and service I can ever remember.  I have never written a review before but just felt I owed it to the paying public this time.  There was a sign on the door that the fryer was down so we couldn't order anything fried.  At 1:00 on a Saturday afternoon there was only one other table seated when we arrived.  Should have been my first clue.  We were 2 adults and 2 children.  The children ordered plain hamburgers and one also got the salad bar.  One adult ordered the salad bar and I ordered broccoli cheese soup. We also had 2 Cokes, 1 iced tea and a water.  We waited well over an hour for the hamburgers and  the soup.  The soup was cold and had sat so long it had congealed on the top and shook like jello when I touched it.  The waitress was still at the table and I asked her was it normal for the soup to be like that.  She couldn't even be bothered to answer.  I told her she could take it  back which she did.  She didn't offer me an appology, a fresh bowl or a different menu item.  Just left and never came back.  We never were asked if the rest of the meal was ok or if we needed drink refills.  I wanted to walk out but we waited way, way to long for the check.  I asked here if there was a manager and she said yes and turned around and went back in the kitchen.  When the manager arrived I told her how bad everything had been.  She said the soup was fine that it had just sat under a heat lamp.  That could be true but it must have been there for an hour.  Her idea of compensation was for me to give her my address and she would send me a discount for my next visit.  I told her I  was traveling and just passing through and I would not be coming back.  I asked if there was anything she could do for us today since I didn't even get to eat anything after spending 1-1/2 hours in her fine establishment.  She said nope, sorry nothing she could do.  I wouldn't send my worst enemy there.  I can be very understanding that things happen but these guys didn't even try to care.The other adult in our party used the ladies room and said it was  very dirty and had smeared feces everywhere.  That's all I will say about that.They blame so many problems on covid but they were not busy, only saw 3 takeout orders go past us during our 1-1/2 hrs, and the waitresses and hostess were just sitting in the bar area on their phones.  A guy came out of the back with an apron on and a cigarette in his hand.  He went outside and smoked right outside our window.  I don't know if he was the cook and took a break or what.  After we left I pulled up the reviews for this place and blame myself for even trying it.Don't say you haven't been warned.
You should be ashamed of yourselves 3rd partying for Wow Bao. It's disgusting and tasted like bleach. Are you guys trying to get my family sick? Paid an arm and a leg for nothing. I hold the entire establishment responsible.
5:05pm Arrived to Ruby Tuesday. Restaurant was not full but waitress was busy. Ordered brisket sandwich and a brisket platter for our group 15 minutes later was informed they were out of brisket.Ordered 2 other meals and by 6:05 left with only paying for our drinks and no meals on the table.Sad this establishment is not better.
I've been to many other Ruby Tuesday restaurants and this one had given me one of the worst experiences. The hostess go greeted my friend and I was pregnant and seemed out of uniform. I was worried why she was seating us? And was also unsure if she was even an employee. The food service was prompt aside from the homemade garlic biscuits. Never received them. Our waitress even told us after my friend and I both chose the garden bar as part one of our sides that she would return with the biscuits. I guess it slipped her mind. On the garden bar there was also no spinach, that was disheartening. My salads I make at home are mostly spinach for health reasons. All in all it could have been a better experience for the first time I have eaten at this Ruby Tuesday location.
My husband wanted steak for lunch, so we tried this restaurant. The location is very close to Fort Stewart. A large banner on the exterior of the restaurant advertises a 10% military discount. Bonus...we found one parking spot in total shade under a big tree.We had a friendly server, Jennifer, and she did an excellent job serving us. She was always smiling and very patient, as the menu is full of very appetizing choices, which caused my husband to change his mind and get the New Orleans Seafood, side of mashed potatoes and the create-your-own salad bar. I decided to have the same since that fiasco of a meal at Chili's the other night. The salad table was not your average salad bar, it had a good selection of vegetables and a wide variety of salad dressings along with a bottle of oil and vinegar. There were sunflower seeds and croutons to add crunch. These weren't your boring, rock-hard white bread croutons, these croutons had just the right amount of crunch, and were made from pumpernickle bread. They were unbelievably delicious, I wish I had put more on my salad. At the table, our garlic cheesy biscuits were waiting for us. They were small, but tasty, and ended up being the right portion size to go with our salads. We had also ordered an appetizer of artichoke and spinach dip with tortilla chips. The chips were whole pieces and had a splash of blue corn tortilla chips for color. The dip was hot and stayed hot, even as we ate our entrees. It tasted delicious and we had no complaints about it. I had a sweet tea, and it was the perfect amount of sweet, not to much and not too little. My husband had the strawberry lemonade, and it was very lemony sour, not even a hint of strawberry flavor. He was disappointed.Our entrees were served hot and the presentation was appetizing. The seasoning was a tad bit excessive, but it didn't stop us from enjoying our tilapia and shrimp. The mashed potatoes with chopped parsley had good flavor.I was so satisfied that I was too full for dessert. I don't even know what desserts they had, but if they were anything like the rest of our meal, I know they would be delicious. There's always next time...and there will definitely be a next time. By far, the best restaurant, especially to take a date, in all of Hinesville.
I ate at this particular Ruby Tuesday 3 times before leaving Hinesville.  The first time I had a burger and got violent food poisoning.  The next two times, I had Tilapia and a Sirloin and both were delicious.  Service can be spotty, but I can deal.  One of the better selections for food in Hinesville.
The food was great and our server was very friendly and sweet. She took our order fast and visited us often to see if we needed anything. My steak was tender and well seasoned and my sides of grilled zucchini, baked potato, and a skewer of shrimp were perfect. My husband liked his ribs as well. I also order the skinny mojito which was delicious and refreshing. It was pretty quiet for a saturday night also which was nice. Will definitely be coming here again!
Great place to eat, and the service is usually pretty good.
I was in town on business at Fort Stewart for 5 days. I'll give it 4 stars for the shear fact that the restaurant selection in Hinesville, Georgia is slim pickings and the food and menu were much better than other places. They had a new menu they were trying out. The salad bar was good, the peach sangria was yummy, and they offered healthier meal options with information on calories. Plus I think the prices were good for an entree with two sides. P.S.  The steaks at Hinesville Steakhouse ARE NOT good steaks. Go to a bigger city to experience good steaks.
my buddy got water and ice spilt all over him and the table. no apologies. the potatoes had pure butter and fat oozing from it all over my food. crappy service...i am not one to complain...i just wont be coming back here again
While visiting my sister at Ft Stewart, there are not many options when it comes to eating out. I must admit that if I was at home (in Orlando, FL), I would never choose Rudy Tuesday. This location however was not bad. The couple of times I went I had good service and the food was tasty. I tried the salad bar, the items were fresh and the area was clean and well maintained. The best part was the fruit ice tea. I choose the berry and it came in a tall glass with muddled berries in the bottom and a sprig of mint on the top, delish!I was only bothered by 2 things while I was there, and they surprisingly weren't the food. They had a dish with steak, potatoes, veggies and lobster mac and cheese. I asked if I could just order the lobster mac and cheese. First they told me no, then they said it would be $11. They could have sold it separately, and it definitely would not cost them $11 to do this. The second was they were way overstaffed. There were several servers standing by the entrance with nothing to do and it was a little off-putting when you walked in. Because they are right by the base, you get 10% off with a military ID, which is nice. I wouldn't mind going back the next time I visit my sister.
The food was excellent. Delicious salad bar and chicken/corn chowder, and a smokehouse burger done just right. Our server, Mimi, was outstanding -- very efficient and friendly. To top things off, hubby got a free birthday sundae. Most enjoyable!
Ruby Tuesday is one of my favorite "go-to" restaurants for a quick, decent dinner. Though I have previously reviewed this restaurant favorably, I was not happy with our last experience. We ordered dinner on Sunday for pick up. I went with my usual (hickory bourbon salmon, rice, grilled zucchini); my husband had the bourbon chicken with broccoli and mac and cheese; my daughter ordered the chicken carbonara. Though my meal was good and my daughter enjoyed her pasta, someone seemed to have dropped the ball in the presentation of my husband's meal. Usually, the veggies are separated for the to-go meals, especially when there is a sauce involved. Who wants their veggies swimming in a sauce intended for the meat??? Just hurt looking at how this meal was prepared/packed for pick up. My daughter picked up the order and didn't bother looking before leaving. If I had picked up the meals and noticed how my husband's meal was packed, I would have returned it. My husband got the bourbon chicken he ordered, but he also got "bourbon broccoli!" Seems someone just didn't care when packing this meal. I know there are plenty of problems in this world and having an abundance of bourbon sauce on one's broccoli may not be a big deal. But, for folks like me who like for the food to not only taste good but look good presentation-wise, I was a bit disappointed in Ruby Tuesday this time. May be a while before I return. :o(
Lunch today, straight up salad bar.  OMG, refreshing to find a fully stacked, fresh salad option in town.  Staff was fast and attentive.  Been around awhile, could use a facility facelift.  However, Management making it happen while obviously short staffed.   Good job, making this one the weekly lunch stops!
Stopped in on a recent, rainy Saturday with my BOGO coupon.  I like to do this as it gives me an easy second meal I can take home, refrigerate and enjoy a day or two later.  I have done this twice in recent weeks.  I also go to Ruby's to enjoy watching sports on their bar-area TV's.  On the most recent visit, that was a BIG mistake as their reception apparently is quite poor during periods of inclement weather.  The smokehouse burger and fries were great, the salad bar was terrific and well-stocked and very fresh; staff were wearing masks; the manager was present out front throughout my visit (which u don't see everywhere); everything pretty solid, but one problem: no life in the bar, no light-hearted chat among 3 bartenders!  They made 0 effort to talk with me, to make me feel welcome, to make me feel part of the gang.  Very poor approach; only words to me were to take my order and take my payment.  Got to learn some people skills, ladies, and I was the ONLY guest at the bar and only 1 of about 5 guests in the entire bar area.  Very sad.
All i had was the garden bar and it was great. Lots of variety and options, and my server was great as well.
Pleasantly surprised. When I called to ask about the particulars of the restaurant whether it's open for available dining inside or takeout and what time they close she had major attitude on the phone which almost made me not want to eat there I can understand it gets frustrating being called and asked the same thing over and over are you available to eat inside but what do you expect people are going to ask that until things go back to normal
My normal favorite at Ruby Tuesday is the salad bar and French onion soup, so that's my go to meal for lunch. The virus has changed all of that of course. So, I was trying to get a friend and her family to meet me for lunch, but she was not comfortable with that. So I offered my house with curb side pick up, and that was a go. So I online ordered two rib meals, and a honey bourbon chicken meal, with 3 fries and three side salads. I was all ready for pick up on time as promised. Came home, mixed all the salads together into one bowl, threw the awesome fries into the oven for a few minutes to make sure they weren't soggy from riding in a styrofoam box, and we had ourselves an awesome buffet in no time. So it worked out great. Ribs and chicken were awesome. French fries were very good, and I normally don't even eat French fries. Served 4 people easily and everyone took leftovers home for another meal. I got this! Still missing my endless salad bar and onion soup, sigh. Someday
Visited Ruby Tuesday after a movie at CMX.The salad bar is fresh and well stocked. We both ordered that.On Tues it is bargain priced $5  for lunch till 3PM!They have online coupons available also,and there is a discounted kids meal w adult meal later in the day( I believe after 5pm)Please check hours.
I like the new mac-and-cheese burger even though it looks nothing like the menu photo. Sweet potato fries are very good.
This is a chain restaurant, so the expectation was just ok before going in. Family and I all wanted little salad and this place is known for its salad bar. Son just had bacon cheeseburger, and I had the burger with salad option and wife had just salad. Overall, my burger was well done even though I asked for medium. The salad bar was also a bit messy with sticky serving utensils and food outside of the bowls. Aside from that, everything else was good. The salad maybe a bit messy but it was tasty as well. The service from our waiter was great as he came back to check on us several times and water was filled. As I'm from Texas, I don't get to visit Ruby as often as I would like. So this was a good deal for something decent for a very good price.
Sad to see that the service quality has gone down. This used to be one of our favorite places to come eat but the last two times we've been here it's been disappointed. The servers aren't as attentive, they don't offer their appetizers like they used to, food is taking way too long to come out (40 minutes today) and the restaurant smells very humid and stuffy. At least the food still tastes good.
Today was my son's birthday so we decided to have dinner at Ruby Tuesday on Capital Circle. First off, there was a nice large parking lot with plenty of parking, even a couple of side parking spots off to the right as you're pulling in.Upon walking in we noticed how clean everything looked and how nice the lighting was, not too bright or too dark.  Past by the salad bar and it looked great. Will have to try that the next go round.We were immediately greeted and seated even though it was kind of packed when we walked in around 7:15. We had a wonderful waitress named Morgan, who was very pleasant and attentive the whole time and always had a smile when she came to our table.  My son and I both got the Mango sweet tea.  Loved it!! Will have to go back just for that tea alone!!!The food...they bring you out these complimentary garlic cheese biscuits that we devoured in two seconds.  Very yummy.  There were so many choices on the menu I picked out five different dinners before I finally narrowed it down to two...the Thai Phoon Shrimp appetizer and the popcorn shrimp dinner with fries and baked potato. My son got the shrimp fondue with tortilla chips. We were obviously in a shrimp mood.Everything, and I do mean everything, was cooked perfectly. Nice size shrimp with both appetizers and with my meal. Fondue was thick and cheesy, baked potato with butter and sour cream was cooked just right. Nice portion sizes too. Even as much as we ate we still had leftovers to take home.  Even though it was full in there our appetizers and dinner still came out pretty quick.  I can't say enough about our wonderful experience tonight. The most awesome part of the dinner had to be when our waitress, Morgan, brought my receipt back after paying and she told me that a table had an extra coupon so she went ahead and applied it to our check! I have NEVER had any waiter or waitress to do that for us. EVER. Kudos to Ruby Tuesday for having one of the most compassionate and thoughtful waitresses that I've ever come across in my life. And thank you again, Morgan, for making my son's birthday dinner so wonderful!
Once again I was dragged here by family. They wanted to have the "awesome" shrimp and grits. First, our five folks were sat at a table too small for the two larger ones. Really? A booth?  The service was horrible and I blame that on the person doing the seating. Others should have jumped in to help this waitress. Now the food. Salad bar is the saving grace. However the plates were hot out of the dishwasher - and this was at noon. They were almost too hot to hold. I had a chicken quesadilla with grilled onions, peppers and cheese. It would have been much better if the flour tortilla was grilled to a nice crisp instead of just a plain flour pasty thing. The shrimp and grits - the shrimp was chewy. The grits clumpy. The sauce would have been OK if there were more of it. These could not be considered food by any stretch of the imagination. The chicken sliders looked good. I did not taste them. All in all- I really NEVER want to go back again however I am sure my mother in law will insist!
We have stopped in here a few times, to catch their salad bar (best in town) and awesome sliders.Most recent visit caught a chicken sandwich with bacon, avocado, l&t, with mayo and mustard. I could eat this every day...delish!Companion had a saladbar with a 3 slider side. She chose balsamic drizzle tomato slices (yummm), stir fry zuccini with a drizzle (yummm), and mac n cheese ( yummm). I would be happy to have either again!
Ruby Tuesday used to be terrible but they have revamped and upgraded their menu of late and it shows.  I had a new item they added to their menu...the chicken trio...and it was incredible.  Three pieces of chicken prepared three different ways served on a bed of rice pillaf.  It came with 4 small cheddar type biscuits which were really good that had a spicy kick to them.  Very tasty.  Their salad bar is probably one of the best salad bars anywhere.
Service is sketchy at best, can't really recommend this location.
3 of us went. We got 3 salad bars each of us had a drink and we had the nachos and the 4 carrot cupcakes. It cost us $43.13 not including tip. I could of skipped the nachos and the carrot cupcakes were ok. I've had better. But the salad bar was nice. I would stop by again just for the salad bar.
The salad bar is great.  I also enjoyed the mini-turkey burgers.  I had a few bites of the grilled salmon which was fantastic.  They mail out 2-for-1 coupons to local addresses.
Food is ok...I guess. Overpriced. Go if you are on a diet because you won't get much. And wait for a buy one get one free coupon in the mail before going.
Yuck yuck yuck!!! This place smells like an old motel, and I'm almost positive that I just picked up a parasite. Do yourself a favor and skip this dump. Rude waitress to boot!
Ordered the Philly cheesesteak.  It was awful, roll was soggy  steak wasn't seasoned.  Looked just thrown together.
Food was decent but the service was awful. Waitress was more concerned about complaining to a coworker about having to work ( within eat shot of customers) than bringing drinks. I had already made it back from the salad bar and finished it by the time she remembered to bring the drink. I get it I if you are swamped. I was one of two tables in the entire place. Could it get worse, of course, my drink was never refilled, no napkins brought with the meal, it's like she was writing a playbook on how to get a bad review written about you.
We came into Ruby Tuesday and noticed that there was a ton of empty tables but we heard the host tell the couple in front of us they were just beginning a 15 to 20 minute wait. So now it came time to speak to us and he attempts to tell me that there's a 20 minute wait. I said there's a ton of empty tables to which she said we're on a 20 minute wait anyway. I drove 45 minutes to get here because I wanted a salad bar and that's all I was going to order. I will never come back. This is a practice that Ruby Tuesday's does at every location and it is ridiculous
We enjoy this neighborhood restaurant even though it is a chain.  My husband likes the salad bar with his meal, and I like the baked potato's and broccoli. There is a full bar, but we don't partake of anything but the iced tea and coffee.  Friendly servers and great tasting ribs!Hint: take a sweater or scarf in case the table gets a draft, especially near the window.
Got the bourbon smoked salmon which was pretty good. Bad news is I forgot last time I ate salmon I felt like garbage and sick. Low and behold thought it wasn't gonna happen again or im fine. Shouldve gotten the flippin burger. But nooooo I have to eat "healthy" and feel like garbage for some reason I can't explain. This is no longer a review on the restaurant but the tables have turned to my well being. Pretty sure I shouldn't eat salmon anymore. I bet I will get again and be an idiot and feel like my stomach had a stick of dynamite lit in it. On the other hand, the salad bar never disappoints although they give you small ass plates and make you go up like 3 times for some reason. Uh that's a big thumbs down. Rice on the side was brilliant and I don't even know what they put in it but whew it was impeccable. Nice place disregarding my problem with damn salmon. Last time I eat that species of fish that hate me.
Stopped by just because, ended up being a great decision. Food was great, service was good, beer was cold. I'd go back.
Slow unattentive server. Never cleared the table. Everything took forever. Portions were minuscule. Salad bar was extremely lacking and not very tasty. I rarely tip servers badly but this guy was just that bad. It took three requests to get a bottle of ketchup. NEVER AGAIN!
RT was one of my favorites. Always have coupons, but recently I've been really disappointed. Salad bar use to be free with meal, now an up charge. The last two waiters that we had were very cocky and arrogant. Food has really fallen of. Last two meals were terrible. Price on drinks is outrageous. Won't be back EVER.
Wow this use too be such a great place to eat, I am not sure what has happen but so much salt on everything... Our food was not enjoyable it was so salty. Our waitress was friendly but took forever because she was doing a billion other things. Holy hell it took another trillion years to get our food literally a couple came after us got their food before us not sure how... Also we got a petite sirloin & top sirloin they were the same size. We told it's the cut my ass hell the petite was a little bigger, than the top? The restaurant was closed when we left and we heard them say goodnight to everyone that had left before but said nothing to us as we left!
After riding our bikes out the Stavich bike train that runs from Lowellville Ohio to New Castle PA, we ended up eating at this Ruby Tuesday location before riding back along the trail.I had the Hickory Bourbon Salmon entree and my date had the crab cakes. Both of us were very happy with our meals. I was also impressed with the salad bar since it had a very good variety of items beyond the traditional iceburg lettuce, tomatoes and etc. I was able to make a very good salad plate with peas, edamame, sunflower seeds, grated cheese, bacon bits, and fresh sliced mushrooms.Since both of us were very hungry from our bike ride the food here really hit the spot.I would definitely return here again as well as recommend it to others.
The place is nice, the prices are fair, and the drinks are cold. Love getting the dry rub ribs, asparagus and sliced tomatoes. Phenomenal. Only complaint...they give you everything on separate plates. Perhaps aesthetically pleasing, however gets frustrating.
Great place! the soup & salad bar is awesome and beats the crap out of eat n park's. The chicken piccata ($10) is really good, but it is like an anarexic portion so thank god I got the salad bar!
I can't even give this joint a star. It's was horrible. After 45 minutes of waiting queso comes out with no fajita meat, my food come out completely wrong, as well as my sons. It was flat awful including the server. All he could say is we are out of this or that. If you would like to go on a crash diet eat here you will never get food or edible food.
Thank you to all the staff for making my birthday special.   Always friendly, caring and shared laughs.   Love this place.
Here is a good story here! My 6 year old and I went to have dinner there on Thursday May 19th 2022. My daughter had tears on and off because we left my sister on base for her to finish army training (AIT).The bartender/manager (woman) asked if everything was OK and I explained. She brought ice cream and a huge slice of cake for my 6 year old. I began crying over her kindness because it had been a super hard day for us. I will never forget her.I wish I knew her name!Thank you! From California
643pm 12 cars in the lot and the guy says 45 minute wait for a party of 2 ! I thought we were on candid camera . What a joke !!!!
I went out today and ordered the New Orleans seafood and it was half uncooked, the manager was very nice and took off the whole meal which I appreciated. But the waitress didn't come check on us to refill water when we needed it and also charged us to a garden bar x3 and I told her we did not order this much and she said, "I definitely heard three people say it". When I know exactly what everyone order as a serve myself. So after I had to say it another time she finally took it off but didn't apologize for the mistake she made. Not that it's a big deal but yet they Leif about how much they took off our check. As u can see in the first photo one is the supposedly price they took off (29.48) and the second one is where they added all these little discounts which didn't add up to the discount they gave me... (if u were curious it added up to (25.06) .manager was a excellent manager but the waitress wasn't the best.
Great service on a random Monday evening. Leslie took Great care of us despite running what appeared to be half the restaurant herself! During Covid and no one wanting to work, this is a welcome surprise,  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Got a burger and salad bar, after being asked how I wanted it cooked, I asked for medium and got burnt.Salad bar had a lot of great options and fresh no issues with it and only reason they getting 2 stars and not one.Waitress was bad she whispered and act embarrassed to be speaking, never came back with drink refills or to check on us against my better judgment I still tipped but come on train these people.
I always love the salad bar, And it did not disappoint today. 3 stars is because the hamburger bun, the gluten-free hamburger bun is not all that is cracked up to be (no pun intended), because it was crumbly and fell apart after the first bite. The taste was good but impossible data hamburger with that bun. I also do not like my broccoli steamed to mush.
Service was horrible! The waitress Was nonexistent and we did not get our appetizers until after the food came and that was the 2nd time. The manger was no help and I definitely would no be back
I ordered the carbonara and my meat was cold like my food was sitting for awhile but still tipped can't blame only the waiter.
Mediocre food and service.  We stopped here on the way from Branson to St. Louis and my hubby wanted Ruby Tuesday because he loves the salad bar.  I thought our service was slow, they did bring cheddar biscuits to our table which I don't think I've had at any Ruby's before and they were good, glad they came because though the place was empty, it seemed to take a while to get our food.  I had some kind of creamy chicken pasta with broccoli which was ok, nothing to complain about but nothing to write home about either.
10% discount for military. The service was great and the food was A-Okay. It was my first time at a Ruby Tuesday, but I really liked the food. They had a decent salad bar here as well. The prices were reasonable. I think I will come back, but it wasn't anything extremely special. I ordered the chicken and broccoli pasta which was yummy.
This is the worst Ruby Tuesdays I've been too and I've been to several across the US. The fact that their "Now Hiring" banner(!) across the front of the building is always up, says a lot. Cons:-The hostess take forever to seat your party. It doesn't take a college degree to figure out a seating chart. -Waiters/waitresses aren't any better, they're slow and rude with customers.-Their bartender needs to be schooled in pouring drinks, because there's little to no alcohol in those alcoholic beverages.-Salad bar looks like it hasn't been refreshed all day.-Their plates have changed to small white appetizer plates to look modern, but you get less food and pay more.-They're stingy with their biscuit basket. Your food takes forever to make so they need to keep the bread coming. -That lobster macaroni is pathetic. You get a few bites thrown on an appetizer plate for $15.Pros:-10% military discount. That's it.Overall, I'm so put off by this Ruby Tuesdays that I refuse to eat at any of the locations.
Good food.  So-so atmosphere.  We initially intended to dine in, but after we had been in there awhile, we got our food to go and ate it in the car in their parking lot.
Ordered appetizer,  didn't come before dinner. Had the salmon salad grilled. Food was great. Service was a bit less than ok. 3 stars for military discount.
Horrible, Horrible, Horrible........I think I gave a bad review for Ruby Tuesday in Hawaii but they all can't be the same. Well, guess what?I asked the lady for a table of one so she sits me next `to the bar in a booth. Cool. No one going to bother me.I sit there for almost 14 minutes before anyone even asks me if I would like a menu. I guess because if it was another minute I would of been walking out. My waitress finally comes over and asks me if I wanted something to drink. Yes please.I look at the menu. Steak sounds good. Waitress comes back. "Can I take your order?". Yes Please. I'll take a steak with mash potato and zucchini. Can I get a side salad with 1000 island. Thanks.10 minutes later, my soda and salad comes to my table. No 1000 island. "How does it look?". Good if I had dressing. "Sorry". 5 minutes later my dressing comes. The main entree comes and it's typical Ruby Tuesday. Nothing great. Throughout my meal, she keeps on asking me how everything but fails to realize that my drink is empty. I finish my food and she's immediately there taking my plate. "would like a refill?". Nope. too late.Thank god I had a gift card because if I had to pay, I would be pissed. I think the service would be great if my waitress wasn't flirting with the table next to me with the 4 drunk guys and just did her job.Don't go. Save your money.
10% military discount to anyone with a military id, including wives, children, etc. Curbside to-go. Great for military graduation days. Fast service. Friendly Staff. Managers are always there to help when needed. If your coming in with a big party, please make a reservation.
Offers 10% discount to all military members with id. Other than that it's a typical Ruby Tuesdays with the same style, food choices, and of course a full bar. The wait for food is always pretty short and they offer the curbside Ruby ToGo as well.Good choice if you want quick food without having to settle for fast food.
I was so excited to find a Ruby Tuesday's not too far away.  I thought they had all closed. Now I know I can come to Sharonville for Ruby Tuesday's always fresh delicious salad bar.  As the salad bar is wonderful and well kept, I have never been impressed with menu items. I had the grilled salmon and it was so over cooked but I ate it anyway. I would love to see them make a comeback and hopefully improve their cooking skills. I will be back but will stick to the salad bar.
Do you want to be served mediocre food (food that strongly lacks flavor profiles) at exorbitant prices? If so, eat at Ruby Tuesday's in Sharonville, OH!My wife ordered the "Tacodilla" and I got the Mexican spiced chicken wings. We shared the tots. The Tacodilla ($8.99 was actually priced well) was tolerable, but heartburn was inevitable. The wings were most definitely processed from undersized chickens...and they cost $14.49!The decor is musty, and the atmosphere nearly matches it. Our total bill was $32.84, and we felt like we'd been robbed of our money and food flavors.On a positive note, our server, Shandra, was very good!My advice...choose another spot for your dining experience.
Came back 2days later after an evening of no croutons with my salad, and they were fresh and delicious. Tried the cheeseteak. The jack of all trades (cook, salad replenisher, greeter) gentleman was kind enough to bring me extra peppers and onions, along with a helping of more sauce for my fries.  Pretty good hoagie. Fries were on point. Hot and salted perfectly. I used my guys' honey sriracha sauce to dip them. He had a shrimp platter.
Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon for an early dinner. This seems to be the only Ruby Tuesday in the greater Cincinnati area. The food was excellent! Something about that Mac and Cheese is going to make me a frequent visitor. And they still have their famous salad bar! Overall this was an A+ visit.
The salad bar has been phenomenal lately. Great job on the quality of the ingredients and the friendly service. I've been back several times in one week since my fridge went out and I am waiting for my new one to be delivered. Ruby Tuesday saves the day! Nice job.
Honestly I never take the time to do this because l respect everyone'sEfforts on their job but this is a very disappointed place to order from l ordered my food and when l got it on my door look like it was dog food it was packaged very poorly and also handle wrong if l could rate -10 starts lWon't second guess my self at all if you ordering from this place make sure you look at the reviews thanks
Have eaten here several dozen times, mostly in the last year or two. They frequently send me deals by e-mail and we usually use them. I LOVE their salad bar--at the present time it is not self-serve because of Covid, but the servers give you an order form and do a good job of making it the way you want. My favorite entree is the Bourbon Salmon and my wife loves the Triple Play. We usually get some cheesecake also which is pretty good. We will be returning on a regular basis.
Very tasty food for a decent cost. Kids loved it and the employees looked like they prepared it with care. In other words the service was great. The place was clean but obviously due to Corona virus, i didn't see much of the place.I will be back!
Employees, including management, wore face masks as a chin strap the entire time I was there. My server even walked up to me without a mask on to take my order, and no mask when delivering my food. This is absolutely unacceptable during a mandatory mask order. I will never come back to this restaurant.
WARNING!!!  Don't look for good food or service at Ruby Tuesday located at  2235 E Sharon Rd, Sharonville, OH 45241.  Before last Sunday, I enjoyed all meals I've had either dining in or ordering out.  This time I got the dryest, uncooked bbq ribs I've ever had.  And a wilted salad.  The mgr on duty stated that he was aware of a few problems he was having in this kitchen and apologized and offered to rectify by sending me a gift card via email. It's been day 8 and I am still waiting
I've eaten here many times during business trips to the area (primarily because it's convenient to my hotel.)  Service is always great, pricepoints have value, and the seafood is above average.  Crabcakes are some of the best outside of Maryland (with that said, they are still not even close to the quality of a Maryland cake.)  Steaks are average.  Salad bar is great but the pricepoint leaves no value for the salads (I think it's $7.99; if they'd put some hot food. . . or even soup on it there would be some value.)  In the past they stocked some great wine selections, but I've heard that they are closing out some of the better selections that they once carried.  Also, they did carry Dogfish Head IPA; recently they ran out & I'm not sure if they intend to restock.  Overall a great, convenient place if you're staying at the Sharonville hotels.  It'd be nice if they would add some better steaks (filet mignon, currently they only offer sirloin) and re-evaluate the decision to 86 their better wines and brews.
Good Waldorf salad...checkCrispy crunchy salad...checkMixed berry tart lemonade...CHECK!!! you must get this..mmmmmLunch friends also loved the pomegranet tea and strawberry tea.
This place is close to where I live/work and while the servers there are nice, the food in marginal at best.That is all.....Did I mention if you love sodium then this might be the place for you.
Its a chain, yes, but a nice staff and quick with the to-go orders! I have stayed at the Drury Inn several time which is next to this Ruby Tuesday's and so this is my go-to dining option after a long day.  Lots of grill type options and they are always quick with the to-go orders.  No more than 15m wait and they will bring it out to your car! Nice bar area too if you want to go in and relax.
Wish you had one in my hometown in TX. The salad bar is so fresh and tasty. Please expand into Texas!
Waiting on food. Service awesome as always brisket melt pretty dang good. The bartender awesome with drinks and food .. the only thing she forgot was utensils. MY FINGERS WORK BETTER....,.all good at the TUESDAY ON A SATURDAY
Most delicious food! Service was great very friendly environment. Will definitely be coming back
One Word - Depressing!This Ruby Tuesday location is a manifestation of all the reasons why this once great casual dining chain entered bankruptcy. My visit began in the parking lot which was littered with trash and in poor repair. Seriously, a freaking pothole smack dab in the middle.  Leadership isn't even trying.To characterize the staff as lethargic would be an understatement.  The food was, well, not even mediocre.  The bar had a very limited selection of beer and spirits.  Remember when Ruby Tuesday's was a fun place to visit? I got the sense that this location was about to be closed for good which would explain why their operations are so bad.  Just pull the plug and stop damaging the Brand. As for a cure for the depression; we went across the street to Marble Slab and drowned our sorrows in Ice Cream.
An enjoyable place to be. Recently remodeled and has an excellent Salad bar. The food and drink was very good.
This Ruby Tuesday's service was horrible and the good was just as bad. The last time we went will be the last time. Every body in the restaurant was complaining because it was so bad.
AWFUL, I say that loudly. This is my second time back hoping it would be better. But the management here lacks big time. The server acted like he hated his job and everyone in the building, 100 empty tables and making people wait 30 minutes to be seated. I would recommend eating McDonald's in traffic then eating here.
This location has a pick up inside the store by the bar. But they also have seating for dine in customers in that same area. For some reason they said the dining customers in the exact same area repeat the lineup to pay for there to go order. This is a conflict for the people who are trying to enjoy their dining meal. It's a very busy area with people coming and going and paying. The servers are hanging out in a booth in the back playing with the phones. The other servers and bartenders are discussing inventory at the bar and going back-and-forth. All in all it was very uncomfortable and not A quiet dinner with my husband. on a positive note the chicken With fettuccine noodles and Parmesan sauce and broccoli was out of this world. there was way too much of it for one person but I ate every bit of it anyway.
When it comes to customer service, this location cannot be beat.  For the first time ever our To-go order was not correct. I didn't notice until we arrived home. I called to let them know so that they could check if it was switched with another order. They insisted on making it right for me.  Since we were passing by the restaurant later in the evening, we stopped again. They even threw in some "extras!"  We will see y'all again!
What a great meal and it was very easy to pickup during the Coronavirus Pandemic. I called my order in; my ribeye and full rack of ribs with 2 sides. Both meals were cooked perfect with all the things needed in the go box. It was a lot of good and fresh, hot & perfect. Thanks for good food & service. I'll be ordering again soon
The service was fantastic! Best service we have ever had from a chain restaurant. The food was very good too! I love the endless garden bar and its one of the only places that serve spaghetti squash. The steak was cooked to perfection, I had also ordered an appletini and it was delicious as well. I would recommend it if you want good food, fast service and smiling faces.
Gee, but it's nice to be greeted by a genuinely charismatic, interested hostess.  The lady of oriental background that took us to our table was an absolute delight.  We conversed about the fact that we were from Canada, about her family in Canada, about our ongoing travels, etc. and when we left, she actually remembered our destination and wished us "good travels".  Showed us that she was actually listening to us!  A rare thing these days!  Thank you.The restaurant itself was lovely and looked clean - at least the parts that we walked through.  The salad bar was enticing and a nice addition - there are far too few of these left anymore in my opinion - I love a salad bar!  This one was not hugely extensive, but everything that was there was excellent and fresh and lots of it - it was a really, really nice addition.  That alone would bring me back!Because I know my limitations, I only ordered an appetizer quesadilla to go with my salad bar trip.  I had such a good trip to the salad bar, that I ended up bringing the quesadillas home.  They will not go to waste - they were very tasty!  Rick ordered the Seafood trio which came with a crab cake, shrimp wrapped with bacon and a lobster tail.  The only problem with his meal is that the lobster was bad.  Bad as in off.  Mushy.  Bad.  We brought that to the managers' attention and to her credit, she promptly had a new one brought out which was much better.All in all, a really nice dining experience.  The wait staff is vey good.  I'm thinking that they could have used a few more doing the cleaning up and setting up of tables or vacuuming up after people leave their tables.  One thing that I have a real problem with and it has nothing to do with the restaurant itself is - What happened to people removing their hats when they sit down at a table to eat a meal?  When did that bit of etiquette end????  We sat beside a table of 5 - Only one little girl did not have a hat on - even Mom had a hat on and left it on during the whole meal!!!!  What is up with that????  Is this an Alabama thing?  Or is this just something that young people do now??????  How rude!  Do restaurants not have the right to ask that people remove their hatwear??????? I think that's just rude and disgusting - and I know that it has nothing to do with the restaurant itself UNLESS they can control it.  There - that's the end of my rant!  lol
4/16 for lunch. I always find Ruby's to be a good lunch stop. Grab a salad bar and back to the office. Hostess was busy at a bar table eating her lunch then it took forever for the poor frazzled waitress to show up from the kitchen. Looked like she'd been doing dishes. Started to just leave, should have. Hopefully just a bad day, but I won't try this location again.
We ordered two steaks for carry out. They were done to perfection, and the sides were delicious. The staff was very friendly and we were served quickly. The atmosphere inside seemed great - if we weren't traveling with an infant I would have been happy to dine in. I would definitely visit this Ruby Tuesday's again if in the area.
Really enjoy this particular Ruby Tuesdays. Staff is super friendly and nice to our two kids. The food is always perfectly cooked to how we want it and there are lots of healthy menu options. Managerial staff is genuinely attentive and friendly. Always consistent!
I took my family to Ruby Tuesday for Fathers Day. My Dad likes his burger "rare", like barely placed on the grill. It came to the table perfect. I had chicken tenders and salad bar. My mom and sister can't eat much due to having surgeries, so they were able to order something they could eat. My son and grandson both were finally full. Excellent food and service. Logan our waiter was excellent as well.
I'm not a chain restaurant person, however, we went with a group of people while in TN for a wedding.  I was extremely impressed.  The restaurant was very clean and updated.  The salad bar was full of fresh items and very clean.  We had 10 in our group and our server did a great job.  We all had drinks from the bar, ordered appetizers and entrees.  She kept up with all of it. The food was delicious.  Chicken was cooked perfectly - perfectly!  Everything came out hot.  The manager visited our table to advise my husband that his burger was overcooked so they would have a new one out shortly....minutes later the burger came out and it was exactly the way he ordered.  I was impressed they noticed the burger was overcooked and didn't even bring it to the table.  Awesome job, RT. I worked at a RT in St. Louis while attending college.  It's one of the few places I worked that I will actually still eat at - that says a lot. :)
I ordered a bacon cheeseburger I got no baconBaked potato without my sour creamThe hamburger was nasty and the baked potato taste like it was old was not fresh I started eating the food and felt sick I thru all the food in the trashI will never order from Ruby Tuesday again
They need a lot of updates/renovations on the inside.  Nothing was done to better the interior of the restaurant during the pandemic (messed up booth seats and table chairs, hole in the ceiling tile, dirty window(s), etc).  The only thing that was updated was the pay system - they now have a portable credit card machine that the waitstaff brings to the table.
It is always a very long wait for your food.  Always short staff.  Very good salad bar though
The food was terrible and the service was worse. Our server came over and instantly had a bad attitude from the beginning number 1. Number 2 we were never told that when the kitchen was closing so the food that I ordered never came. Then she says it did come out but was sent back but not by me. I also ordered desert when I ordered my meal and was told I couldn't get it because the kitchen was closed. How is that when I placed my order all at one time we ordered drinks that never came then when we asked about it she says ohh we don't have that ???? Did not once come and say would u like something else. To top it off when it was time to pay she comes over throws our receipts on the floor and runs off . I was highly confused about what her problem was. But the kicker is the so called manager wasn't any better. He was just as nasty as the food they tried to serve us. I would never step foot in that place again. Worse place if I could give it 0 I would
I love this place they are very clean and friendly always the salad bar is neat fresh and stocked with healthy goodies. I look forward to eating here once a week.
Our first time at this location, we set out looking for a salad bar and we were so happy to find this one had a salad bar open.In the door we found the place roomy and clean.We were greeted by our server "Kevin" who wascvery friendly, courteous and attentive.My wife ordered The Spicey Chicken Sandwich w/French fries & The Salad Bar. The salad bar was very nice but she was disappointed that they did not have soup at this location. Her chicken sandwich looked way over cooked and came with no cheese or Lettuce, Tomato, Onion or Mayo, it came with just 2 pickles which also disappointed my wife but she made do by grabbing her condiments off of the salad bar.I ordered The Classic Cheeseburger medium rare w/ French fries well done, don't judge me, that's how I like it, LOL. My burger was pretty good but the cheese was pretty much non existent and it lacked seasoning big time. My fries were great, nice and crispy, honestly the fries were the star of the show.Bottom line- Nice store, food was decent and we will come back.
I hadn't eaten here in years. Now, I know the reason. I spent nearly $30 on food and it was terrible. I ordered a medium cooked steak and it was well-done and burned when I checked my to-go order at home. The baked potato was dry and not fresh. The chicken in the chicken and broccoli pasta was overcooked and dry as well. What's more, very little alfredo sauce was used in the dish. Dry pasta was plated in a to-go box! Never again!
This place is trash and smells like it. The gm and am needs to resign! This is a terrible location and restaurant. Ruby Tuesday as a whole needs to just put themselves out of their misery.  Nobody wants to come out and eat microwaved food, that you can eat at your own house. The Greenbelt location is undercode, the entire management team are utterly incompetent! Do not even waste your time and money. All they want is your money because they need every penny they can get!
First time I've been there in a while.  They've tried to make salad bar safer but some of the staff needs to be schooled on how to properly wear their masks.  Then my waitress messed up my order - gave it to someone else or something so I had to wait even longer because I wanted my food.  The food was ok and she did offer a comp desert, but I declined.  Seems like they would have taken something off the check.
Honestly we waited for two hours for crab legs and steak with mash potatoes and tater tots!!!!! TWO hours, honestly when something like this happens they usually give something free like a dessert or anything but no and it wasn't busy at all whatsoever!!! At all. I get maybe you're doing dordash and Uber eats but two hours it's ridiculous. I really expected better, clearly shouldn't expect anything! The worst wait
I eat here pretty often since they have the discount for NASA employees. Service is usually fast and food tastes good. Try that chocolate cake desert with the strawberries.
Had lunch here today in between meetings. A group of five of us were seated quickly. Our server approached immediately and took our drink order, returned with our drinks, and then took our order.I ordered the Chicken Pot Pie with a salad bar, and a Diet Coke.The food took about 12 minutes or so to come out. I was a bit surprised at the Pot Pie - it was not what I was expecting - instead of the traditional crock or bowl - it was served as a flat piece of flaky puff pastry with the corners turned up and a blob of pot pie filling ladled into the center. The pot pie also came with a side of steamed broccoli.I love a good pot pie - but this one did not wow me. It was just average. The steamed broccoli was cooked almost perfectly, still bright green - but not overcooked or mushy. The salad bar was your generic RT salad bar - nothing fancy or exotic in terms of offerings.Our server was very efficient in refilling our beverages - service was good.The men's restroom was in need of some additional cleaning and sterilization - the floor was sticky and gross and smelled pretty bad.
My friends and I go to RT for samplers all the time.  The service is quick and friendly however they don't seem keen on waiting on Deaf people. My friend and I went to brunch and our server was like "uh huh uh huh uh huh" and took our menus when were not finish ordering yet.Another negative is that they don't check ID with Credit Cards.  My mother card was stolen and was used at this Ruby Tuesday; the manager was not accommodating as of course he did not want to get in trouble for processing stolen information.
Good food. Signup for specials. Service is always great.. been going here since I moved to Florida.
July 25, 2022- First off, when approaching the salad bar, all the plates had crumbs/spots. I had to ask for clean plates. When making my salad you could see that they didn't flip the vegetables correctly. There was old salad at the bottom of the bowl, and they just keep adding fresh on top. The tongs were handle down in one of the vegetables. The salad dressing where all in other dressings. I understand that is from the people self serving, however they should have better maintenance. After eating my salad I found a hair on my mushroom. It couldn't be mine because I have no facial hair and had a hat on. After finishing our drinks we noticed a black residue on the underside... it was mold. We talked to the manager to make him aware of these violations. We weren't offered any discounts and they did not comp our meals either. I told the manager that I would never eat there again. It was my first and last time there. I am very disappointed and nauseated. My mother and I have both worked in food service, this was not up to health codes.
We go to this location all the time our waiter today was "Colin". He was so nice and his customer service out of 1-10 it was a 20. He made sure we were taken care of. Our food was amazing the salad bar was very clean and fresh. My Asiago chicken was amazing the flavors was everything. If you every go to this restaurant make sure you ask for "Colin" the best waiter ever!  Kudos for the amazing dinner and service! Will be back again!
The hickory bourbon salmon with zucchini and rice pilaf is just fabulous!  I rarely eat all my food in any restaurant, because I just don't eat a huge meal all at once ......  I ALMOST always clean my plate at Ruby Tuesday.   Love the bar tenders - they are attentive and fun!   If I can't finish it this is one dish I take home and eat later!My mate likes their burgers and steaks.   I don't know anything about red meat.  But we definitely go twice a month and it's ALL Good!   Good food, good service, good clean restaurant.
Great food, fresh salad bar, and wonderful service.  Thanks Julian!  Highly recommend for families
Amazing staff!!! The salad bar is renowned!! The only issue with this location is the overall cleanliness. The  booth seating is worn to the bones, the carpet is shot, and the tables were sticky and gross. Other than that a great time was had by all!!
Tried most menu items and I never had a bad meal or app .I might try some of their cocktails next time. They look great.
Today we ordered a pick up it was the worst food I ever had, tasted like pre heated food, some things were burned, some things tasted like they came from a box from Walmart, shrimps were just bland. Horrible waste of money.
Our waitress was very nice and understanding.  A+The corn chowder was very watered down.The ranch dressing was very watered down.The cheddar queso was absolutely bad.  It's gonna be a long time before I come back.  Oh, new menu and increased prices like everywhere else.
Not really sure what is happening, have been going here for many years. Not sure if the server is placing order wrong or chef isn't paying attention. I normally order a cheeseburger or bacon cheeseburger well done with NO lettuce, pickles and onions. It always comes out medium and all the fixings. This has only started in the last 3 or 4 months. Never said anything as I figured the person was having a bad day, but I'm tired of not getting what I order
Decent chain restaurant food. Salad bar has a lot of good choices and it's clean and fresh. The steak was just ok, not worth the price. If you want to spend $13 on a steak, go to Manny's in Winter Haven or Haines City. Much better steak for better value. However if your looking for a quick bite to eat, that's decent and good service, Ruby Tuesdays will do the trick! Great location right next to Legoland.
We love Ruby Tuesday as a whole I won't lie for me it is always about the salad bar because I love the pumpernickel croutons! The only sad thing is I wish they had the zucchini cake minis but they took then off the menu last year but at least they have new minis just as good like during this visit I ordered the Baja chicken tacos with really well seasoned chicken and full of yummy veggies which is good because I love the healthy lighter offerings they have and sneak in more veggies! The cheese biscuits when your first seated are great too! The mango tea with the real chunks of fruit in them you can never go wrong with either I love the combo of tea and mango! This was our first time at this particular location which us right next to Legoland so it seems there will be larger parties being literally right in front of a park but still seems to have no issue with enough seating tonight. For a warning yelp showed their hours as being closed but they weren't do just check according to them they are hardly ever closed :) the service at this location was great we had a very nice server named Bella who caught me off guard by greeting my hubby and I and actually asked for our names which never really happens but she was very attentive and kept us cracking up! Love me done Ruby's :)
Good food good service we had a party of 15 with 4 seperate checks.Our server was training another server. They kept us filled with bread and water.  Nice meal after all day at Lego Land.I had the Low Country bowl and wife had Crab Cakes.  Definitely worth it delicious and filling.
Friendly staff, good food.  Located across from Legoland. I have only been here once so this is a first impression.
Food was terrible and not worth the 32 dollars I spent. 18 minutes for 2 bowls of soup as a starter and less than 2 minutes later our burgers came out. Fries were cold and unseasoned. Burger was overcooked and the "pretzel" bun tasted like it was thawed in a microwave. Our server was lost and clueless it seemed. When the "manager" asked how things were, she said she already knew about the soups taking so long and yet still did nothing about it. Tell the customers what the deal is, especially if it going to take extra time. Overall it was horrible. All they did for guest recover was offer hot fries. I ate have my meal and was done with the place. I believe that they all need to take training courses for customer service. Until then, I won't go back
I usually avoid chain restaurants at all costs. A disturbing shortage of good dining options led mom & I to Ruby Tuesday in her new hometown, Winter Haven, Florida. Jessica and the Store Manager rock, as do the turkey burger and grilled salmon with asparagus & sweet potato fries. PROS!
This place is awful. A bunch of blue haired people and skow waiters. If you want a chain restaurant,  go to outback or some other place
Good food but always slow service some times you have to wait 30 min to just order a food
Came in for a late lunch. It was myself and two elderly couples in the whole restaurant. I had an empty drink sitting in front of me before anyone asked if I needed anything else. I was the only person sitting directly at the bar. Unacceptable. Only tip I will give to this staff; work hard, stay off your phone, and be attentive to your customers. It's called customer service for a reason
Had lunch there this past Saturday with my wife.  Yes it's a chain restaurant and we all know how the food can be.  We decided to order the 2 for $22 but paid $2 more for the items we wanted.  We got to pick one appetizer and two main courses.  The appetizer was fried mozzarella and they were very good.  My wife ordered Chicken Alfredo and I ordered the 6 oz Sirloin with 2 sides.  Every thing was very fresh and very good.  My steak was very tender.  I have to admit I used to go to Ruby Tuesday's for the salad bar but unfortunately buffet type service is gone for now.  I would definitely go back when I am in the area.  P.S.  the service was as good as the meal.
Attempted to order pickup for desserts and the person would not even take my order. He recommended I come in and order at the bar because it only takes 30 seconds to prepare. It would have made more sense to accept the order, prepare the desserts, and the leave it in the freezer. They are getting one star because they picked up the phone and would have gotten zero for the customer service.
Never again. Can't even make a burger right. Give a $5 tip just to return the food. Great Saturday.
Took advantage of today's promo at Ruby Tuesday with a $5 Awesome Burger and fries [or tater tots]. Added the Iced Tea for $2.89 so it was and inexpensive lunch. However, the plant-based burger was a dry tasteless disc of plant material. The bun was burnt and dry and the accompanying tomato and lettuce had seen better days. So a bargain is not always a bargain!
This location has gone downhill severely. I honestly didn't even want to write this review and it's taken a long time but I can honestly say I won't come here again. This is my 3rd undesirable experience here and enough is enough. Let's just say this time that we kept smelling beets or something of that nature but no one was eating beets near or around us. It was really disgusting me but sat through it anyway. Long story short it appeared to be mold on the crevices in the wood paneling. This was in the extended seating area towards the back where the pickup station is. So done with this place. I can't locate my first review here of the wine spill by the waiter for some reason but at any rate will not be coming back.
The Garden Bar was downgraded to basically lettuce and other vegetables. They got rid of hummus, several types of cheese, and black beans. This was primarily the reason I ate here. I see no reason to go back and pay the same price for what amounts to a regular side salad.
Just had dinner at Ruby's. The food was good and the service was outstanding. We had the pleasure of being served by Ashely who has the best personality you can ever get in a server. She was warm, affable, and professional. She made our experience very pleasurable and we will be back because of her. We spoke to her manager Dan, who was very nice as well. Really nice people there.
Ordered the fried shrimp platter, the batter wasn't cooked enough and it was raw inside, I couldn't even eat my food.
We just had the salad bar and two appetizers. Salad bar was almost completely empty and never restocked the entire time we were there.I ordered  the Baja chicken quesadilla it was actually very good.My friend ordered the sampler and said everything was extremely spicy.Disappointing to say the least
The service is great. They have a nice salad bar and excellent WiFi. The noise level is good and even with lots of people it does not seem crowded.The one thing that keeps me from going back more often are the very uncomfortable bench seats used for the booths. They are very old vinyl covered springs.
I just ended up here again.  I cannot stress how good the staff is.  Buuuut, let me talk about the food.Ruby Tuesday has gone downhill over the years.  As far as chains go, this used to be one of the better ones.  I've ended up here two weeks in a row with a group of people, mainly due to where it's located.  To quote another member of our party "Hopefully this is the last we see of Ruby Tuesday's."  While we were waiting for our orders, the waitress brought out some free samples of their new biscuits.  They were actually pretty good.  Buttery, a little spice.  I enjoyed them.  After being dissapointed with my sliders from last week, I decided to get one of their regular burgers.  I've had them in the past, and was always pleased.  So, I order an Alpine Swiss Burger medium rare.  It comes out partially well done.  I say partially because it was pink on the edges of just one half.  I don't even know how they accomplished that.  The bottom half of the bun was soaked with grease, and fell apart.  Now, grease usually means flavor.  This tasted more like vegetable oil than beef fat.  The beef itself was flavorless.As a side, I got the onion rings.  They didn't have the normal breading that slides off of the onion as you try to take a bite.  Instead, it was this sharp, hard razor breading that kind of hurt to chew.  Again, more of the flavorless oily weirdness.  My cranberry juice was good, though.Another person in our party got the buffalo chicken sliders, and mentioned that they were good.  They definitely looked proper, so I'll give them that.  Ruby Tuesday used to have really good burgers, but now everything just strikes me as a desperate attempt to hang on.  I'm hoping I don't end up here again next week.